Wilf_Atkinson
Wilfred George Atkinson (9 April 1920 – 12 August 1943) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League (VFL). He enlisted in the Royal Australian Air Force during World War II, and was killed in action when his bomber was shot down over Sicily in 1943.The third son of Hector Rupert Atkinson (1879-1958), and Marion Atkinson (1882-1946),[1] née Jackson, Wilfred George Atkinson was born in Armadale, Victoria on 9 April 1920. His brother, Leonard James Melbourne Atkinson (1918-), who also served in the Second AIF, was a prisoner of war of the Japanese.[2]Recruited from Sandringham, and having already enlisted in the RAAF,[3] and having commenced his training at Point Cook, he made his debut for Carlton, and played well in the centre, in the match against South Melbourne, Carlton's first match for the season, on 16 May 1942.[4] It was the only match that Atkinson played for Carlton; the following week he informed Carlton that he was unable to continue playing due to his transfer from Point Cook to another station.[5]He served in the RAAF in World War II, having enlisted in May 1941. He died, in action, on 12 August 1943.[6]

Libby_Pataki
Libby Pataki (born Mary Elizabeth Rowland;[1] November 17, 1950) is the former First Lady of New York and the wife of former New York Governor George Pataki. She served as First Lady during the three terms of her husband's administration. Governor Pataki did not seek re-election to a fourth term in 2006.Pataki was born in Dallas, Texas, to Monique (Leblanc) and Col. Henry C. Rowland, Jr., an army officer and diplomat.[1][2][3] Her mother was French.[4]As First Lady, Pataki focused on promoting the state's agriculture industry and preventing breast cancer.[5] Traveling throughout the state of New York, she worked to increase public awareness of breast cancer.Pataki is a former marketing executive who managed the family farm in Peekskill, New York. As First Lady, Pataki accepted contracts to serve as a marketing consultant with various corporations, including Revlon.In 2000, Pataki appeared on a radio show in which she criticized then-New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani for taking too long to drop out of the U.S. Senate race against First Lady Hillary Clinton. Pataki said that the delay hampered the campaign of the eventual Republican nominee, Congressman Rick Lazio.Pataki's father was a career military officer. She graduated from Beaufort High School in Beaufort, South Carolina and Clark University in Worcester, Massachusetts. She and her husband, who married in 1973, have four children. Along with Nathan Sharansky, she serves as the co-founder of the pro-Israel institution One Jerusalem which supports the Israeli annexation of East Jerusalem, a territory recognised as being under Israeli occupation by the international community.

Thomas_Hair
Thomas Hair may refer to:

Princess_Amalie_of_Saxe-Coburg_and_Gotha
Princess Amalie of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha (Marie Luise Franziska Amalie[1][2]; 23 October 1848 – 6 May 1894) was a Princess of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha by birth and a Duchess in Bavaria through her marriage to Duke Maximilian Emanuel in Bavaria. Amalie was the fourth child and second eldest daughter of Prince August of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha and his wife Princess Clémentine of Orléans.[1][2] Her youngest brother was Ferdinand I of Bulgaria.From childhood, Amalie had been intended as the bride of Prince Leopold of Bavaria. However, Duke Maximilian Emanuel in Bavaria, youngest child of Duke Maximilian Joseph in Bavaria and his wife Princess Ludovika of Bavaria, fell in love with her and confided this love in his sister Elisabeth of Bavaria, now Empress of Austria.The Empress became determined to ensure her favorite brother's happiness. She invited Leopold for an extended visit with the imperial family, among whom was her own fifteen-year-old daughter Archduchess Gisela of Austria. There, Leopold was tactfully made aware that a marriage with Gisela would be looked upon with favor by Emperor Franz Joseph. The temptation to become the Emperor's son-in-law was too strong to resist, and Leopold became engaged to Gisela after only a few days. After a sufficient amount of time had passed to enable Amalie to recover, Empress Elisabeth brought Max and Amalie together. They were married on 20 September 1875 in Ebenthal, Lower Austria, Austria–Hungary.[1][2]Amalie and Maximilian Emanuel had three sons:[1]The marriage was by all accounts a very happy one.

Richard_Rodd
Richard Rodd (died before 1633), of Totnes, Devon and Rodd, Herefordshire, was a politician.He was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Totnes in 1621. He was Mayor of Totnes in 1612–13.[1]

Deni_Lušić
Deni Lušić (born 14 April 1962 in Split) is a Croatian water polo coach and former water polo player. He is a double Olympic gold medal winner with Yugoslavia at the 1984 and 1988 Summer Olympics.

Barthélemy_Hauréau
Jean-Barthélemy Hauréau (French: [oʁeo]; 9 November 1812 – 29 April 1896) was a 19th-century French historian, journalist and administrator.Born in Paris, he was educated at the Louis-le-Grand and Bourbon colleges in his native city, and won high honours at his public examination. After graduating he became a journalist, and soon was a contributor to several democratic papers: La Tribune, Le National, Le Droit, and La Revue du Nord; at Le National, he was praised by Théophile Gautier as the "tribune" of romanticism. At the age of twenty he published a series of apologetic studies on the Montagnards — in later years, regretting his youthful enthusiasm, he attempted to destroy the studies.[1] In 1838 he took the chief editorship of the Courrier de la Sarthe and was appointed librarian of the city of Le Mans, which position he retained until 1845, when he was dismissed on account of comments of his on the daring speech of the Mayor of le Mans to the Duke of Nemours. He returned to Paris and once more became one of the editors of Le National.At this time he seemed destined for a political career, and after the revolution of 24 February 1848 was elected to the National Assembly; but close contact with revolutionary men and ideas cooled his old ardour. Throughout his life he opposed innovation, not only in politics and religion, but also in literature. After the coup d'état he resigned his position as director of the manuscript department of the Bibliothèque Nationale, to which he had been appointed in 1848, and refused to accept an administrative post until after the fall of the empire. Having acted as director of the national printing press from 1870 to 1881, he retired, but in 1893 accepted the post of director of the Fondation Thiers. He was also a member of the council of improvement of the École des Chartes.[1]For over half a century he wrote on the religious, philosophical, and more particularly the literary history of the Middle Ages. Appointed librarian of the town of Le Mans in 1838, he was first attracted by the history of Maine, and in 1843 published the first volume of his Histoire littéraire du Maine (4 vols., 1843–1852), which he subsequently recast on a new plan (10 vols., 1870–1877). In 1845 he brought out an edition of vol. ii of Gilles Ménage's Histoire de Sablé. He then undertook the continuation of the Gallia christiana, and produced vol. xiv (1856) for the province of Tours, vol. xv (1862) for the province of Besançon, and vol. xvi (1865–1870) for the province of Vienne. This work gained him admission to the Académie des Inscriptions et Belles-Lettres (1862).In the Notices et extraits des manuscrits he inserted several papers which were afterwards published separately, with additions and corrections, under the title Notices et extraits de quelques manuscrits de la Bibliothèque nationale (6 vols., 1890–1893). To the Histoire littéraire de la France he contributed a number of studies, among which must be mentioned that relating to the sermon-writers (vol. xxvi), whose works, being often anonymous, raise many problems of attribution.Among his other works were the remarkable Histoire de la philosophie scolastique (1872–1880); Les Mélanges poétiques d'Hildebert de Lavardin (1852); an edition of the Works of Hugh of St Victor (1886); a critical study of the Latin poems attributed to St Bernard (1870); and Bernard Délicieux et l'Inquisition albigeoise (1877). To these must be added his contributions to the Dictionnaire des sciences philosophiques, Didot's Biographie générale, the Bibliothèque de l'École des Chartes, and the Journal des savants.From the time of his appointment to the Bibliothèque Nationale up to the last days of his life he was engaged in making abstracts of all the medieval Latin writings (many anonymous or of doubtful attribution) relating to philosophy, theology, grammar, Canon law, and poetry, carefully noting on cards the first words of each passage.He died in Paris. After his death this index of incipits, arranged alphabetically, was presented to the Académie des Inscriptions et Belles-Lettres, and a copy was placed in the manuscript department of the Bibliothèque Nationale.[1]Haureau acquired by his work the reputation of a first-rate scholar. Regardless of numerous articles published in the Dictionnaire des sciences philosophiques, l'Encyclopédie nouvelle, l'Encyclopédie moderne, the Biographie générale of Didot, le Siècle, etc., we owe him:But of all the work of the industrious and wise writer, the one which especially contributed to its reputation is his continuation of the Gallia Christiana of the Benedictines. This work was started and continued until the 13th volume by the Benedictine of the Abbaye de Saint-Maur. Between 1856 and 1870 Haureau added three more volumes, written in Latin to maintain the unity of the work. The Académie des inscriptions et belles-lettres has several times awarded its own Prix Gobert to this work of high scholarship (not to be confused with the Grand prix Gobert of the Académie française).

Ralph_C._Thompson
Ralph C. Thompson (c. 1947 – July 9, 2014) was a Canadian judge and lawyer. Thompson served as a member of the Provincial Court of Prince Edward Island from 1985 until 2005, including two tenures as the Provincial Court's Chief Justice, 1985–1990 and again from 1995–2000. He retired from the court in 2005.[1]Thompson, a lawyer, practiced as a Crown prosecutor, departmental solicitor and director of legal services on Prince Edward Island.[1] He also practiced within Campbell, Mitchell, Lea, Cheverie and Thompson, a private law firm.[1]The PEI provincial government appointed Thompson as a commissioner on land and local governance in 2008.[1]He died from cancer on July 9, 2014, at Prince County Hospital in Summerside, Prince Edward Island, the age of 67.[1] A resident of Wilmot Valley, Thompson was survived by his wife, Karen (née MacRae) Thompson.[2]

Frank_Cochrane
Frank Cochrane (28 October 1882 – 21 May 1962) was a British stage and film actor. Born in Durham, England.[1] Amongst his stage work, he starred in the original production of Chu Chin Chow at His Majesty's Theatre in London in 1916;[2] as well as in the 1934 film version.[3]

Benny_Benson
John Ben "Benny" Benson Jr. (October 12, 1913 – July 2, 1972) designed the flag of Alaska. Benny was 13 when he won a contest in 1927 to design the flag for the Territory of Alaska, which became a U.S. state in 1959.[1]John Ben Benson Jr. was born in Chingnik, Territory of Alaska. He was an Alutiiq (Sugpiaq)[2] born to a Swedish-American father, John Ben Benson, and Alutiiq-Russian mother, Tatiana Schebolein.[3] When he was 3 years old, his mother died, forcing his father to send him and his brother Carl to an orphanage, as Benny's father could not take care of them. Benny grew up at the Jesse Lee Home for Children in Unalaska and later in Seward.[4]After graduating from college in 1932, Benny left the Jesse Lee Home. He returned to the Aleutian Islands to work with his father at the Fox Farm in Ugaiushak Island. The rate for furs began to decline, so Benny moved to Seattle in 1936. He used the $1,000 prize from the flag design competition to enroll in the Hemphill Diesel Engineering School for Diesel engine repair. In 1938, Benson married Betty Van Hise. The couple's first child, Anna May, was born in October 1938. Their second daughter, Charlotte Abbot, was born in June 1940. Benson divorced in 1950 and moved with his daughters to Kodiak where he became an airplane mechanic for Kodiak Airways.[5]Benny met his sister in the mid 1950s, 30 years after their separation. His sister died soon after. His brother Carl also died in 1965. Benson's right leg had to be amputated in 1969 due to an injury. Shortly after that, in 1972, he met and married a former Jesse Lee Home resident, Anna Sophie Jenks. Benson had several stepchildren and grandchildren. He died of a heart attack in Kodiak at the age of 58.[6]More than 30 years before Alaska was to become a state, the Alaska Department of the American Legion sponsored a territorial contest for Alaskan children in grades seven through twelve.[7] Benny's design was chosen to represent the future of the Alaska Territory. Up to that time, Alaskans had flown only the U.S. flag since the territory was purchased from Russia in 1867. His design was chosen over roughly 700 other submissions from schoolchildren territory-wide in grades 7 through 12. Most other entries featured variations on the territorial seal, the midnight sun, the northern lights, polar bears, and/or gold pans. For his achievement, Benny was awarded $1,000, an engraved watch and a trip to Washington, D.C.[8]Benny looked to the sky for the symbols he included in his design. Choosing the familiar asterism he looked for every night before going to sleep at the orphanage, he submitted this description with it:The blue field is for the Alaska sky and the forget-me-not, an Alaskan flower. The North Star is for the future state of Alaska, the most northerly in the union. The Dipper is for the Great Bear — symbolizing strength.

Denis_Vasilkin
Denis Sergeyevich Vasilkin (Russian: Денис Серге́евич Василькин; born May 25, 1985) is a Russian professional football player. Currently, he plays in the Russian Second Division for FC Druzhba Maykop.

William_Jackson_Conroy
William Jackson Conroy (1849 – December 15, 1915) was a miller, farmer and politician in Quebec. He served as mayor of Aylmer from 1882 to 1884 and from 1891 to 1892.[1]He was born in Aylmer, the son of Robert Conroy and Mary McConnell. With his brother Robert, he owned a sawmill and a flour mill at Deschênes. He also operated a large farm. In 1892, he married Maria McDonald. Conroy served on Aylmer municipal council in 1881 and from 1884 to 1890. During the 1890s, the brothers invented a harvesting machine pulled by houses which was in use in western Canada until it was replaced by steam-powered equipment. In 1895, they established the Hull Electric Company which operated street cars driven by hydro-electric power[1] and also powered electric street lights.[2]

Douglas_Stuart
Douglas Stuart is the name of:

Lee_Ah-hyun
Lee Ah-hyun (born April 13, 1972) is a South Korean actress.[2][3][4] She made her acting debut in the television drama Daughter of a Rich Family, for which she won Best New Actress at the 1994 KBS Drama Awards.[5]

Hans_Gulbranson
Hans Gulbranson (1787–1868) was a Norwegian businessperson. He was a pioneer in the development of textile industry in Norway in the mid-1800s. [1]Gulbranson was from Modum in Buskerud, Norway. [2] He was a wholesaler in Christiania and was one of the wealthiest people in Norway's capital.[3] He is best known as a founder of Nydalens Compagnie, one of the nation's first and largest textile manufacturing firms. Gulbranson founded the firm in 1845 together with Adam Hiorth, Ole Gjerdrum and Oluf N. Roll.[4] Gulbranson was the company's first chairman and manager. He was succeeded by Peter J. K. Petersen in both positions, in 1868 and 1858 respectively.[5] He also owned large areas of forest and sold timber.[6] Together with Hiorth, Roll, Petersen and Iver Olsen he founded Christiania Mekaniske Væveri in 1847.[3]Together with his first wife Maren Bergithe Sparre (1796–1828) he had a daughter Claudine who married Jørgen Meinich. He had a son Carl August Gulbranson with his second wife Helene Andersen (1799-1855).[7]

Leonard_Rapping
Leonard A. Rapping (April 16, 1934 – October 1, 1991)[1] was an American economist, who advised several Federal agencies. He also helped develop theories on the interplay of human behavior and business cycles. He was most famous for his work with Robert E. Lucas which laid the foundations for real business cycle theory, which holds that the financial expectations of business executives and consumers help mold their decisions, therefore influencing economic outcomes. That theory helped analyze the 1970s phenomenon of "stagflation", in which prices rose despite economic stagnation and recession.At the time of his death, Rapping was completing a book for the 20th Century Fund, called The Wage Crunch, on the social and economic effects of the slowdown in American wages in recent years.Early in his career, Rapping held a laissez-faire view of a government's role in the economy but grew to believe capitalism needed regulation. He was highly critical of the supply-side policies of the Reagan administration.,[2] calling it a policy that "transfers money from the poor to the rich."As a consultant and researcher, Rapping worked for the Rand Corporation, the Federal Bureau of the Budget, the Defense Department, the Justice Department, the Labor Department, the Transportation Department, the Center for Naval Analysis, and Northwestern University's Transportation Center. Shortly before his death, Rapping served as Director of the National Academy of Science's Panel on Technology and Employment.Rapping was Professor of Economics at the University of Massachusetts, Amherst. Before that, he served on the faculty of Graduate School of Industrial Administration, Carnegie-Mellon University. He also taught at Brandeis University, University of Notre Dame, the University of Nevada, San Fernando State College, and UCLA.Rapping obtained his bachelor's degree from UCLA, 1956, Phi Beta Kappa, Master of Arts, University of Chicago, 1958 and Doctor of Philosophy in Economics, University of Chicago, 1961.Leonard A. Rapping was born April 16, 1934, son of Joseph & Rose (Scharfin) Rapping. Married Elayne J. Antler, August 15, 1960 (div. May 1973); Children: Alison Rapping, Jonathan Rapping. Married Judith Alt Wilson, Sept 12, 1980.

John_Mallet
John William Mallet FRS (10 October 1832 – 7 November 1912) was an Irish chemist who lived and worked in the United States.John William Mallet was born near Dublin to Robert Mallet and Cordelia Mallet (Watson). Robert Mallet was a civil engineer and a fellow of the Royal Society and other societies and had an ample scientific library which his son had explored. Before entering college, John was attending private lessons in chemistry and at the age of 17 was admitted to Trinity College Dublin, where he obtained the degree Bachelor of Arts in 1853. During his college years, Mallet assisted his father in seismological studies, received a gold medal in experimental physics, and published a paper on "Chemical examination of killinite" in 1849, just after entering college. In the summers of 1851 and 1852 he went to the University of Göttingen where he attended the lectures of Friedrich Wöhler and received a degree in 1852. He presented the associated thesis on the chemical composition of Celtic antiquities to the museum of the Royal Irish Academy.[1]After returning to Ireland and completing his college courses, Mallet went to the United States for the purpose of acquiring information for his father. He resided there for the rest of his life, but never became an American citizen. In 1854, he was appointed professor of analytical chemistry at Amherst, where a Göttingen friend William S. Clark held a leading position, but in January 1855 moved to the State Geological Survey of Alabama and became professor of chemistry at the University of Alabama. He served in that capacity, with a brief leave of absence spent at Mobile, until the American Civil War. In the autumn of 1861 he enlisted as a private in a troop of Confederate Cavalry, but almost immediately was chosen as aide-de-camp on the staff of General Robert E. Rodes. He was transferred to the artillery in May 1862 and by 1865 became lieutenant colonel and then superintendent of the ordnance laboratories of the Southern States.[1]After peace had been established Mallet became professor of chemistry in the medical department of the University of Louisiana. The appointment was the outcome of a mission which he undertook on behalf of some Northern financiers,to search for petroleum in this southern state. The result of the appointment was to direct his attention to medicine, in which he gained the degree of M.D. in 1868. In that year he was called to the University of Virginia, which became his final home. At first his work included analytical, industrial and agricultural chemistry, but, as time progressed, his scope became broader and broader. He lectured at Johns Hopkins University in 1877 and again in 1878, and during the winter of 1883–84 was professor of chemistry and physics, and chairman of the faculty at the University of Texas. The following year found him at the Jefferson Medical College in Philadelphia as professor of chemistry, but the unsatisfactory conditions there caused him to return in 1885 to the University of Virginia, which he never again left. In 1908 Mallet was appointed professor emeritus at the age of seventy-six, but still kept his residence at Charlottesville. Besides his services to the Southern States during the war, he undertook a number of other commissions of a public or semipublic nature, having served as judge in the bureau of awards at the Centennial Exposition in 1876 and been a member of the United States Assay Commission in 1886, 1888 and 1896. He was a fellow or member of many chemical and other learned societies, including theHe received the honorary degree of Legum Doctor from the College of William & Mary, University of Mississippi, Princeton University, Johns Hopkins University, and the University of Pennsylvania. His interest in the US South was emphasized and strengthened by his marriage to Mary Elizabeth Ormond (1836 – 1886), the daughter of an Alabama judge John James Ormond, in 1857, and again, after the death of his first wife in 1886, to Josephine Burtlhe of Louisiana, in 1888. Josephine survived him with two of the three children from his first marriage, as his first son, John Ormond Mallet, died at an early age.[1]In 1961, Mallet Assembly, a self-governing residential honors program was created by the University of Alabama. Mallet Assembly was located in Mallet Hall, which was named for him.[2][3] He is buried at the University of Virginia Cemetery.[4]The scientific work of Mallet covered a wide field including general and applied chemistry and chemical mineralogy. He devised methods for the determination of organic matter in potable water and characterised meteorites and rare terrestrial minerals; in particular, he studied the occurrence of silver in the ash of South American volcanoes. He accurately determined the density of solid mercury, molecular weight of hydrofluoric acid and the atomic weights of lithium (1856), aluminium (1880) and gold. For comparison, his result for lithium (6.943) agrees within the error with the currently accepted value of 6.941(2). Mallet also served as expert witness in many court cases involving poisoning, value of iron ore, pollution of river water and other chemical questions.[1] This article incorporates text from Obituary notices, by Theodore William Richards, a publication from 1913 now in the public domain in the United States.

Tom_Luna
Thomas Luna (born 1958 in Santa Ana, California[1]) is the former Superintendent of Public Instruction in Idaho.Luna served the Idaho Republican Party as the Financial Chair of the Executive Committee.[2]Luna moved to Idaho to attend college at Ricks College in 1981[3] and later attended Boise State University.He announced his candidacy for state superintendent in September 2001.[4]In March 2002, Luna graduated from Thomas Edison State College.[5]2018Luna expressed interest in running for Idaho's 1st congressional district in 2017.[6] On June 7, 2017, he announced that he would not seek the office[7] or any other for Idaho elections, 2018.[8] Part of his statement read "At this time, I want to continue to focus on my passion for education versus serving in Congress."[9][10]2014Luna chose not to run for a third term in January 2014.[11]2012 presidential electionPresidential candidate Mitt Romney named Luna to Romney's 19-member education policy advisory group.[12]Luna was the only state superintendent to be chosen for the group.[13]2010Luna was unopposed in the Republican primary.[14]Luna defeated Stan Olsen, former superintendent of the Boise School District, with 60.5% of the vote.[15]2006Luna defeated Steve Casey and Steve Smylie in the Republican primary getting 41.5% of the vote.[16]Luna defeated former deputy of Idaho State Superintendent of Public Instruction Jana L. Jones with 51.3% of the vote.[17]Luna is the owner of Scales Unlimited, an industrial truck scale company which he started in 1982.[1] He was later appointed to be President of The International Society of Weights and Measurement (ISWM) and as a voting member of National Type Evaluation Program (NTEP).[18]Luna served on the Nampa School Board for seven years, three of those as chairman.[1]In 2006, Luna was elected as Idaho State Superintendent of Public Instruction.[3] He was re-elected to a second term in 2010.[19] He was also appointed Commissioner of Idaho Achievement Standards Committee and Chairman of the Idaho Assessment and Accountability Committee.From 2003 to 2005 Luna worked for the U.S. Department of Education as an adviser to then-U.S. Secretary of Education Rod Paige.[3][20] He served as Executive DIrector for the White House Initiative of Tribal Colleges and Universities and as the Director of the US Rural Education Task Force.[21]While serving as Idaho State Superintendent, Luna was Named President-Elect of Chief State School Officers (2010) and was appointed to the National Assessment Governing Board (NAGB) to help set policy for the National Assessment of Educational Progress (NAEP).[22][23]Luna is the Senior Vice President and Chief Government Relations Officer of Project Lead The Way.[24][25]As a member of the Nampa School Board from 1994 to 2002,[1] Luna supported school vouchers and tax credits for private schools as a means to increase competition in education.[26]Running for the Superintendent of Public Instruction in Idaho position in 2006, Luna focused on promoting charter schools.[26] Columnist William McGurn stated that he found Luna's business experience and lack of education degree, "refreshing".[27]The centerpiece of education reforms spearheaded by Luna following his 2006 election as Superintendent is a package of legislation known as Students Come First.[28] Among the reforms in the Students Come First package, passed by the Idaho Legislature in 2011, are:[28][29][30]Luna's proposed reforms have been challenged though ballot initiatives.[29] Among the opponents is the Idaho Education Association, a state teachers union.[29][31] Petitions challenging the Students Come First legislation collected enough signatures to place the matter on the state's November 6, 2012, general election ballot.[29] There were three separate ballot propositions[29] because the reforms were passed with three legislative bills.[28] Voters rejected all three propositions on November 6, striking down the reforms.[32]Luna and his wife Cindy have six children and thirteen grandchildren.[3] Luna is a Latter-day Saint.[33]

Chris_Innes
Chris Innes (born 13 July 1976) is a Scottish football coach and former professional player who is currently the youth team coach at Motherwell.Innes was born on 13 July 1976, in Broxburn, West Lothian, Scotland. He started his career at Stenhousemuir after joining the Warriors from Blackburn United in 1996 and moved to Kilmarnock for £50,000 in 1998. In 1999, he went out on loan twice, to St Mirren for 3 months and to Falkirk for just over a week. In 2003, he moved Dundee United where he played exactly fifty times. Chris Innes now has 3 kids one called Bailey [13], Darcey [11] and Bo [9]. He also has a lovely wife called Lara.Innes signed for Gretna on a free transfer in 2005. Although he missed out on United's Scottish Cup final appearance that season as he had already left for Gretna, innes made it the following season when the Black and Whites were runners-up against Hearts. Innes was made captain of the rising club from the borders and helped the side gain promotion from the Scottish Third Division to the Scottish Premier League. After a season of bad results and financial difficulties for Gretna, Innes was made redundant on 25 March 2008. Gretna's reason for releasing their captain was because he had "attracted interest from other clubs".[1]One of those clubs was New York Red Bulls of MLS, whom Innes trained with in April 2008. However, he decided against a move to the U.S. after failing to settle and returned to Scotland after two weeks, with St Johnstone and Dunfermline Athletic amongst several clubs keen to sign him.[2] In June 2008, Innes was thought to be near completing a move back to Tayside with Dundee,[3] but Livingston announced on their website in July 2008 that he had signed for them.[4] On 31 July 2009, Innes left Livingston to re-sign for St Mirren.Innes scored his first St Mirren goal against Hibernian on 21 November 2009 and netted his second for the club against Kilmarnock on 2 January 2010. His third goal for the Buddies came against Aberdeen on 12 January, resulting in a 1–0 win, just a week after his second, ramming in a volley from an Andy Dorman corner.On 10 June 2010, St Mirren announced that Innes was to leave the club when his contract expired.Innes joined newly promoted SPL club Inverness Caledonian for the 2010–11 season on 20 July 2010, ahead of interest from former club Kilmarnock, Dundee and Falkirk. At the end of the 2010–11 season Innes announced that he would be leaving the club due to wanting to spend more time with his family in Edinburgh.Following his departure from Inverness Caledonian Thistle, Innes had trial period at East Fife playing for them in a Scottish Second Division fixture against Brechin City.[5] However, he decided against joining them permanently as he wanted to join a full-time club.[6]On 8 February 2012, Innes signed for Scottish Second Division club Arbroath until the end of the season. The deal was confirmed by manager Paul Sheerin via Twitter. He then left the club after this deal expired in May 2012.After 26 September 2009[7]KilmarnockGretna

Danny_Cedrone
Donato Joseph "Danny" Cedrone (June 20, 1920 – June 17, 1954) was an American guitarist and bandleader, best known for his work with Bill Haley & His Comets on their epochal "Rock Around the Clock" in 1954.Cedrone was born in Jamesville, New York. Cedrone's musical career began in the 1940s, but he came into his own in the early 1950s, first as a session guitarist hired by what was then a country and western musical group based out of Chester, Pennsylvania called Bill Haley and His Saddlemen. In 1951, Cedrone played lead on their recording of "Rocket 88" which is considered one of the first acknowledged rock and roll recordings.At around this time, Cedrone formed his own group, The Esquire Boys and this is believed to be one of the reasons he never joined Haley's group as a full-time member. In 1952, Cedrone played lead guitar on Haley's version of "Rock the Joint", and his swift guitar solo, which combined a jazz-influenced first half followed by a lightning-fast down-scale run, was a highlight of the recording. (Haley's piano player, Johnny Grande, later described this solo as a "gimmick" that Cedrone often used.)Cedrone's involvement with the Esquire Boys kept him off of Haley's recording schedule for most of 1952 and 1953 (noted jazz guitarist Art Ryerson replaced him). During this time, Cedrone made a number of recordings with the Esquires, most notably two versions of the Bill Haley composition, "Rock-A-Beatin' Boogie", several years before Haley would record it himself. The first version was released in December, 1952 on Rainbow Records as 200. The Esquire Boys recorded a second version of "Rock-A-Beatin' Boogie" in 1954 released as Guyden 705-A, which reached no. 42 on the Cashbox pop singles chart on October 30, 1954."Rock-A-Beatin' Boogie" would also be recorded by Bill Haley and the Comets in 1955 on Decca, Buddy Morrow on Mercury, Johnny Curtis with the Toppers on Tops, Gabe Drake and his Rockets with the Orchestra under Maury Laws on Prom 1135, Willie Restum and His Music on Capitol, the Deep River Boys on HMV in 1956, Ivor and the Basil Kirchin Band in the UK, Artie Malvin and the Rhythm Rockets on Waldorf Music Hall Records MH 33 149 in 1955 on the Rock and Roll album, Artie Malvin with the Deerhill Dudes on the Waldorf 33 BU 2 Rock 'N Roll Jamboree album in 1958, The Treniers on Okeh 7023, Truck Stop in 1973, Omar Lamparter, The Original Band, The Danish Sharks, The Jodimars in 1955 for Capitol which was unissued, and the Brian Setzer Orchestra in 2000.Cedrone returned to work with Haley's group in 1954, by which time it had been renamed The Comets. He played a key role in the band's first recording session for Decca Records on April 12, 1954 when they recorded "Rock Around the Clock" in New York City.According to the book Rock Around the Clock by Jim Dawson, Cedrone had been unable to attend the session rehearsal and was uncertain what to play for the first instrumental break in the song. One of the Comets (accounts differ as to exactly who) suggested Cedrone repeat the solo he'd played on "Rock the Joint". Although Danny's wife Millie and daughter Marie recall an informal rehearsal at their home in South Philadelphia after dinner where the two men ran through a few solos, and the Rock The Joint break was one of them. The resulting solo, which was smoother than the previous recorded version, is widely considered one of the greatest rock and roll guitar solos of all time.Cedrone was paid only $21 for his work on the session, as at that time Haley chose not to hire a full-time guitarist for his group. Cedrone would also play on the June 7, 1954 recording session for Haley's version of "Shake, Rattle and Roll" although he was not allotted the chance for another notable guitar solo.On June 17, ten days after this session, Cedrone died of a broken neck after falling down a staircase (some sources say he died of a heart attack). His place as session musician in the Comets was taken by Franny Beecher, who would later graduate to full Comets member.Eight months after Cedrone's death, "Rock Around the Clock" was included on the opening credits of the film Blackboard Jungle and became the first rock and roll recording to hit the top of the American charts. Subsequently the song was performed on TV many times by Haley and the Comets; on several occasions (depending upon the demands of the program) the band would lip-synch to the 1954 recording. As a result, footage exists of both Bill Haley (on The Milton Berle Show) and Franny Beecher (American Bandstand and the 1956 film, Rock Around the Clock) miming to Cedrone's original solo. Beecher, himself an acclaimed and respected guitarist, did not begin to actually emulate Cedrone's solo until as late as the 1980s. Up until that point, Beecher replaced the down-scale run that Cedrone used to conclude his "Clock" guitar solo with a series of fast arpeggios.Cedrone had four daughters with wife Millie. His family had attempted to get Cedrone named to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame where his guitar has been on display in the Hall since 1998 (this is due to the Hall changing its rules a few years back to allow noted session musicians and backing groups to be admitted separately; previously only Bill Haley (not The Comets or individual members thereof) was a member of the Hall. Cedrone was finally inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame as a member of the Comets in 2012, by a special committee aiming to correct the mistake of not inducting the band with Bill Haley in 1987. Numerous guitar players over the years, including Jimi Hendrix, Pete Townshend, Chris Spedding, Brian Setzer, Danny Gatton, Reverend Horton Heat and the group Ten Years After have gone on record as naming Cedrone's solo on "Rock Around the Clock" as an influence on their own work.Cedrone fell down a flight of stairs and broke his neck, dying instantly on June 17, 1954.[1]Although well-identified with Bill Haley & His Comets, Cedrone only appears on a handful of the group's recordings. This is a list of the known Haley recordings on which Cedrone is either believed to have performed or has been confirmed, including recordings when the band was known as the Saddlemen. Due to a lack of documentation, Cedrone's involvement in recordings from 1951-52 is not confirmed but is supported by anecdotal evidence from surviving musicians, as well as by books such as the Haley biographies Sound and Glory by John Haley and John von Hoelle and Bill Haley by John Swenson. (Additional source: Chris Gardner's Bill Haley Database at Bill Haley Central.com)Some sources such as Swenson's biography of Haley erroneously indicate that Cedrone performed on "Crazy Man Crazy" and other recordings in 1953, however during these sessions the lead guitar player (per Gardner) was Art Ryerson. According to Gardner's database, a second unreleased recording from the August 1951 recording session may exist, but to date it has yet to be located and identified.No film footage or live performance recordings of Cedrone performing with the Comets is known to exist, and it is believed that he never performed with the band on stage.Note: Guyden 705 was also released as a 45 single in Belgium on the Ronnex Records label as 1703.[3]The band was still active after Cedrone's death, and disbanded in the late 1950s.

Svante_Janson
Svante Janson (born 21 May 1955) is a Swedish mathematician. A member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences since 1994, Janson has been the chaired professor of mathematics at Uppsala University since 1987.In mathematical analysis, Janson has publications in functional analysis (especially harmonic analysis) and probability theory. In mathematical statistics, Janson has made contributions to the theory of U-statistics.[3][4] In combinatorics, Janson has publications in probabilistic combinatorics, particularly random graphs and in the analysis of algorithms: In the study of random graphs, Janson introduced U-statistics and the Hoeffding decomposition.[5]Janson has published four books and over 300 academic papers (as of 2017). He has an Erdős number of 1.[6]Svante Janson has already had a long career in mathematics, because he started research at a very young age.A child prodigy in mathematics, Janson took high-school and even university classes while in primary school. He was admitted in 1968 to Gothenburg University at age 12. After his 1968 matriculation at Uppsala University at age 13,[7] Janson obtained the following degrees in mathematics: a "candidate of philosophy" (roughly an "honours" B.S. with a thesis) at age 14 (in 1970) and a doctor of philosophy at age 21–22 (in 1977). Janson's Ph.D. was awarded on his 22nd birthday.[7] Janson's doctoral dissertation was supervised by Lennart Carleson,[9] who had himself received his doctoral degree when he was 22 years old.[8]After having earned his doctorate, Janson was a postdoc with the Mittag-Leffler Institute from 1978 to 1980. Thereafter he worked at Uppsala University. Janson's ongoing research earned him another PhD from Uppsala University in 1984 – this second doctoral degree being in mathematical statistics;[10] the supervisor was Carl-Gustav Esseen.[11]In 1984, Janson was hired by Stockholm University as docent (roughly associate professor in the USA).[7]In 1985 Janson returned to Uppsala University, where he was named the chaired professor in mathematical statistics. In 1987 Janson became the chaired professor of mathematics at Uppsala university.[7] Traditionally in Sweden, the chaired professor has had the role of a "professor ordinarius" in a German university (roughly combining the roles of research professor and director of graduate studies at a research university in the USA).Svante Janson's full name is "Carl Svante Janson".[12]Besides being a member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences (KVA), Svante Janson is a member of the Royal Society of Sciences in Uppsala. His thesis received the 1978 Sparre Award from the KVA. He received the 1994 Swedish medal for the best young mathematical scientist, the Göran Gustafsson Prize. Janson's former doctoral student, Ola Hössjer, received the Göran Gustafsson prize in 2009, becoming the first statistician so honored.[14]In December 2009, Janson received the Eva & Lars Gårding prize from the Royal Physiographic Society in Lund.[7]

Martin_Joos
Martin Joos (1907–1978) was a linguist and German professor.[1] He spent most of his career at the University of Wisconsin–Madison, and also served at the University of Toronto and as a visiting scholar at the University of Alberta, the University of Belgrade, and the University of Edinburgh. During World War II, Joos was a cryptologist for the US Signal Security Agency.[2] The War Department honored him with a Distinguished Service citation in recognition of his work developing communication systems.[1] After the war he returned to the University of Wisconsin, eventually serving as the chairman of the Department of German.Martin George Joos was born on May 11, 1907 into a farming family near Fountain City, Wisconsin. He was one out of ten children and it is noted that his filial relations while growing up were very close.[1] He grew up speaking English and German which later influenced his decision to go into linguistics. He graduated with a bachelor's in electrical engineering, and applied this with linguistics while serving with Signal Security Agency of the United States of America doing crypt-analyses. When he went back for his masters, Joos decided to pursue linguistics and got a degree in German. This led to him receiving a position in Canada at the University of Toronto and at University of Wisconsin. Somewhere during this time before WWII, he married Jennie Mae Austin on September 8, 1938, who he was married to for forty years, and they adopted a daughter named Shari. After his service in WWII, Joos went back to the University of Wisconsin and became a German professor and Chairman of the German Department. In the years following, he became a visiting professor at University of Alberta, University of Edinburgh, and University of Belgrade.Among Joos's books on linguistics is The Five Clocks (1962), which introduced influential discussions of style, register, and style-shifting, noting systematic characteristics in the shifts in speech between high and low formality settings.[3][4]The five aspects of register are as follows:[5]Acoustic Phonetics was published in 1948 as a supplement to the journal, Language. It was written in times of exploration of phonetics and explored the unknown in phonetics, more specifically the acoustic aspect of phonetics. Martin Joos wrote the monograph to help the world come to a unified phonetic theory and to introduce acoustic information to phonetics.[5]Joos's 1958 book, Readings in Linguistics Volume 1 collected important papers on the nature of phonetics and phonology produced during the prior decades, since about 1930.[6] This period saw the emergence of two broad understandings of the nature of the phoneme, either as a class of sounds grouped within the language, or as an abstract opposition within the structure of the language. Joos's collection helped clarify the debate at the time by bringing together key works on both sides.

Jane_Elizabeth_Hodgson
Jane Elizabeth Hodgson (January 23, 1915, Crookston, Minnesota – October 23, 2006, Rochester, Minnesota) was an American obstetrician and gynecologist. She is the only person ever convicted in the United States of performing an abortion in a hospital. Hodgson received a bachelor's degree from Carleton College and her M.D. from the University of Minnesota. She trained at the Jersey City Medical Center and at the Mayo Clinic. Hodgson's 50-year career focused on providing reproductive health care to women, including abortions. She opened her own clinic in St Paul, Minnesota and co-founded the Duluth Women's Health Center. In addition to providing medical care to women, Hodgson was also an advocate for women's rights, challenging state laws that restricted access to abortion.[1][2]Hodgson received a bachelor's degree in chemistry from Carleton College in 1934 and her medical degree from the University of Minnesota in 1939. Hodgson met her future husband, Frank W. Quattlebaum, when they were both interns in Jersey City, New Jersey. Together they completed their medical training at the Mayo Clinic in Rochester, Minnesota. They both gave time and talent to Project Hope, serving in Tanzania, Peru, Ecuador, Egypt, Grenada, and China.[3] Hodgson eventually opened her own clinic in St Paul, Minnesota in 1947, and for the next 50 years provided reproductive health care to women. Her early research included pregnancy-testing methods and in 1952 she became a Founding Fellow of American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists.[4] In 1981 Hodgson co-founded the Duluth Women's Health Center.[5][6][7]Hodgson's opinion of abortion was influenced by both the women she cared for in her own practice, and by those she met on her many trips she took with her husband to the third world during the 1950s. She later told an interviewer: "My position on abortion evolved. I had been taught that abortion was immoral. I gradually came to change, I came to feel that the law was immoral, there were all these young women whose health was being ruined, whose lives were being ruined, whose plans had to be changed. From my point of view, it was poor medicine, it was poor public health policy."[8] She was, however, optimistic about the future: Pulitzer prize winner Linda Greenhouse cited an article in the Mayo Clinic alumni magazine in which Hodgson predicted: "Someday, abortion will be a humane medical service, not a felony."[9] Hodgson summarized her opinion of the medical profession and abortion in a letter to the editor of the Journal of the American Medical Association: "Lest we forget—legal, competent, medical professionals are all that stand between safe health care for women and the dark days of the back-alleys. We in medicine have a moral obligation to provide that health care."[10]Hodgson's advocacy for, and contributions to, the field of women's health earned her the National Abortion Federation's Christopher Tietze Humanitarian Award in 1981,[11] the Planned Parenthood Federation of America's Margaret Sanger Award in 1995,[12] and the American Medical Women's Association's National Reproductive Health Award in 1994.[13] She was one of the first physicians to be inducted into the International Women in Medicine Hall of Fame in 2001.[14]In 1970, Hodgson performed an abortion on a 23-year-old married mother of three children who had contracted rubella, which can cause serious birth defects in the fetus and child. The abortion, a dilation and curettage (D&C), was performed at the St. Paul-Ramsey Hospital (now called Regions Hospital[15]). At the time, abortion was illegal in Minnesota, unless the pregnancy was a threat to the woman's health. Hodgson was charged, pled guilty and was sentenced to 30 days in jail.[16] This was the first time that a licensed physician had been convicted for performing a therapeutic abortion in a hospital. She appealed to the state supreme court which overturned her conviction after the pivotal Roe v. Wade decision by the United States Supreme Court.[17][18] In response to her lawyer's question during her trial, "Do you regard the fertilized ovum as equivalent to a human person?" Hodgson replied, "No, and most women would not. We are more pragmatic than men, more concerned with reality. I'm concerned with the sacredness of life, but this is only a few embryonic cells." She continued, "We, as physicians, should be concerned with the quality of life as it develops."[19]In 1981, Hodgson lent her name to a suit (Hodgson v. Minnesota) brought by Planned Parenthood against Minnesota, challenging that state's law requiring that both parents be notified at least 48 hours before a minor has an abortion. When the case was heard in District Court, Hodgson testified that "...one 14-year-old patient, in order to keep her pregnancy private, tried to induce an abortion with the help of her friends by inserting a metallic object into her vagina, thereby tearing her body, scarring her cervix, and causing bleeding. When that attempt failed to induce an abortion, the patient, then four or five months pregnant, finally went to an abortion clinic. Because of the damage to the patient's cervix, doctors had to perform a hysterotomy..."[20] The United States Supreme Court upheld that law in 1990, in part because the law included a 'judicial bypass', allowing a judge to permit the abortion without parental notification.[21][22] In most cases, judges permit the abortions.[23]Hodgson was in court again in 1993 as a co-plaintiff in a case in which the judge struck down Minnesota's ban on Medicaid payments for abortions.[24] Hodgson testified or provided research assistance for many cases including Sabot v Fargo Women's Health Organization, Women of the State of Minnesota v Natalie Haas Steffen, and Women's National Abortion Action Coalition (WONAAC) v Washington.[25] Dr. Hodgson was committed to advocating for women's health rights, in 1989 Hodgson states "if at any time I've ever had any doubt about what I'm doing, all I have to do is see a patient, and talk to her, and I realize it's the right thing." [26]Starting in the 1960s the United States' abortion laws were under scrutiny as many of the laws only restricted abortions to cases when the mother's life was at risk. During this time doctors were calling for the liberalization of abortion laws. Soon after, in the late 1960s, feminists joined doctors in the fight and requested for "abortions on demand." In 1969, a group of twelve women met at a women's liberation conference in Boston, they talked about their own experiences with doctors and shared their self-knowledge.[27] From their research, in 1970, came a 193-page course booklet entitled "Women and Their Bodies" that included topics such as childbirth, birth control and venereal disease. This was the beginning of the Women's Health Movement.Hodgson's actions were part of the Women's Health Movement. The year after Hodgson performed the abortion "Women and Their Bodies" was revised and retitled as "Our Bodies, Ourselves" as a way to emphasize this new movement of women demanding for knowledge about their bodies and more control over their healthcare.

Curtis_Jerrells
Curtis Louis Jerrells Jr. (born February 5, 1987) is an American professional basketball player for Olimpia Milano of the Italian Lega Basket Serie A (LBA) and the EuroLeague. Standing at 1.85 m (6 ft 1 in), he plays at the point guard position.Jerrells was a four-year starter at Del Valle High School in his hometown, Austin, Texas.Jerrells played college basketball at Baylor University. He was the first player in Bears history to lead the team in scoring and assists all four seasons. He became the second player in BU history with 1,000 points, 400 assists and 100 steals.As a freshman, Jerrells started every game and led the team in scoring, assists, steals and minutes played. In his sophomore season, Jerrells again started every game and led the team in scoring, assists and minutes. He was named 2007 All-Big 12 honorable mention by league's coaches and media and was chosen to 2007 Big 12 Championship All-Tournament team.As a junior, Jerrells was a consensus first team All-Big 12 selection. He again led the team in scoring, assists and minutes. In his last season of the college basketball, Jerrells was named to the 2009 NIT All-Tournament Team was a Lowe's Senior CLASS Award finalist and a 2009 All-Big 12 third team selection by the league's coaches. He again led the team in points, assists and minutes.In September 2009, Jerrells signed for the San Antonio Spurs to their training camp roster. While he didn't make the team, the Spurs saw his potential and offered him a spot playing for their NBA Development League team, the Austin Toros. Jerrells was signed by the San Antonio Spurs on March 24, 2010, but immediately reassigned to their affiliate Austin Toros.Jerrells played for the Spurs again in the NBA Summer League in 2010.[1] His play during the 2010–11 preseason caught the eye of the New Orleans Hornets general manager Dell Demps, who previously worked as a scout and executive for the Spurs.On October 18, 2010, Jerrells was traded to the New Orleans Hornets for a second round pick.[2] However, he was waived just one week later at the end of training camp.On November 27, 2010, he moved to Europe and signed a contract until the end of the 2010–11 season with the Serbian team Partizan Belgrade.[3]In June 2011, he signed a two-year contract with Fenerbahçe Ülker.[4][5]In March 2012, he signed a loan contract with the Spanish club Murcia for the rest of the season.[6] After playing only for one week for the new club (two games), he broke his foot and missed the whole season.[7]On August 29, 2012, he signed a one-year contract with Beşiktaş.[8]In March 2013, Jerrells was signed by the Sioux Falls SkyForce and subsequently traded to the Maine Red Claws for center Chris Ayer.[9]In August 2013, Jerrells was signed by Olimpia Milano of the Italian Lega Basket Serie A.[10]On July 7, 2014, he signed a two-year deal with the Russian club UNICS Kazan.[11]On January 25, 2016, he signed with the Turkish club Galatasaray.[12] On May 2, 2016, he parted ways with Galatasaray.[13]On July 10, 2016, Jerrells signed a two-year deal with Israeli club Hapoel Jerusalem.[14] He helped Hapoel to win the Israeli League and Cup titles, as well as reaching the EuroCup semifinals. On July 8, 2017, Jerrells signed a two-year contract extension with Hapoel Jerusalem.[15] On October 20, 2017, he was released by Hapoel, due to his conflict with coach Fotis Katsikaris.[16][17]On November 6, 2017, he returned to Olimpia Milano and signed a two-year deal.[18]Note: The EuroLeague is not the only competition in which the player participated for the team during the season. He also played in domestic competition, and regional competition if applicable.

Brent_Miles
Brent Miles is the president of the Tri-City Dust Devils,[1] a short-season single-A affiliate of the San Diego Padres of the Northwest League, the president of the Rancho Cucamonga Quakes,[2] and the president of the High Desert Mavericks of the California League.[3]

Amy_Jo_Johnson
Amy Jo Johnson (born October 6, 1970) is an American-Canadian actress, filmmaker, singer-songwriter, and director. Johnson began her acting career in her early twenties, in Mighty Morphin Power Rangers, and, after she left the series, went onto star in Felicity, The Division, and Flashpoint while pursuing a career as a musician and a filmmaker.Amy Jo Johnson was born on October 6, 1970 in Hyannis, Massachusetts, the daughter of Greig Johnson, Sr., a car salesman, and Christine Johnson (d. 1998), a clothing store manager. She has two siblings, Greig Johnson, Jr. and Julie Johnson-Clary.[1] Though born in Hyannis, Johnson grew up in Dennis, Massachusetts and attended Dennis-Yarmouth Regional High School.[2] As a child, she studied gymnastics.Johnson is married to Olivier Giner.[3] The two live in Toronto, Canada and have one child together, a daughter born in 2008.[4][5] She became a Canadian citizen on June 23, 2015, making her a dual-citizen of the United States and Canada.[6]Johnson moved to New York City at 18 to pursue an acting career. She attended the Lee Strasberg Theatre Institute and the American Musical and Dramatic Academy. She later moved to Los Angeles to audition for her first part.Johnson's breakthrough role came less than a month after she moved to Los Angeles, when she was selected to portray Kimberly Hart, the Pink Ranger, in Mighty Morphin Power Rangers, the first installment of the Power Rangers franchise. Despite the series being a huge success and brought Johnson international recognition as an actress, the show brought her little financial security, as she and the others were paid only $600 a week for their work on the show, which included stunt work and public appearances; none of the cast received any royalty payments from re-runs of episodes they appeared in.[7][8] As a non-union show, physical danger on set presented a very real threat to Johnson; while filming Mighty Morphin Power Rangers: The Movie, she was almost set on fire during a stunt and, during Turbo: A Power Rangers Movie, she was almost electrocuted.[9][10] Johnson ultimately made the decision to leave the show in 1995, passing the role of the Pink Ranger to Australian actress Catherine Sutherland. In an appearance on I Love the '90s, Johnson jokingly stated that having been the Pink Power Ranger was something she would "never live down." In later years, Johnson stated that becoming famous from the show was at times overwhelming and had given her nightmares, but that overall, she learned many things and is grateful to the show and her fans.[11][12][13] In all, Johnson's character appeared in 137 episodes in the franchise, her final TV appearance being in a 2014 episode of Power Rangers Super Megaforce. She, alongside former co-star Jason David Frank, made a cameo appearance in the 2017 film Power Rangers, though not as Power Rangers.After she left the series in 1995, Johnson went on to star in Disney Channel's Susie Q and in the Saved by the Bell: The New Class episode "Backstage Pass." In 1997, she starred in NBC's adaptation of Lois Duncan's novel Killing Mr. Griffin and played a gymnast with an eating disorder in Perfect Body. Johnson also participated in the film Without Limits. She also reprised her role as Kimberly Hart in Turbo: A Power Rangers Movie.In 1998, Johnson was invited to play Julie Emrick in The WB series Felicity. She held a main role on Felicity for three seasons and was a special guest in its fourth and final season.In the early 2000s, Johnson had roles in Interstate 60, Pursuit of Happiness, and Infested, as well as television film Hard Ground. She also had guest starring roles on Spin City and ER. In 2004, she starred as Stacy Reynolds in the fourth season of The Division. In the latter half of the decade, she had recurring roles in Wildfire and What About Brian, and she starred in television films Magma: Volcanic Disaster on Syfy and Fatal Trust on Lifetime. In addition, Johnson took parts in a few independent films: Veritas, Prince of Truth and Islander.Beginning in 2008, Johnson became a series regular on Flashpoint as Constable Jules Callaghan, a member of the fictional Strategic Response Unit of the Toronto Police service.[14] She was nominated for a Gemini Award for her performance. The show aired new episodes through 2012.Since 2012, Johnson has had guest roles on a few shows including a recurring role on USA's Covert Affairs.Johnson has directed and produced two acclaimed short films: Bent (2013) and Lines (2014).[15][16] She then went on to direct the feature film The Space Between.[17] In 2018, she began working on her next film, Tammy's Always Dying.[18]She is a member of Film Fatales.Johnson is a singer-songwriter and has released three albums: The Trans-American Treatment (2001), Imperfect (2005), and Never Broken (2013).[19] She has performed in the Los Angeles area with The Amy Jo Johnson Band. In December 2007, she contributed guest vocals to Koishii & Hush's cover of The Cars track "Since You're Gone", which was released as a single.[20]Some of Johnson's music has been featured on television shows. Johnson's character in Felicity was originally described as a dancer, but with Johnson's input, the producers rewrote the character as a singer and guitarist. As a result, Johnson was able to perform her own song, "Puddle of Grace," on the show. In Flashpoint, her songs "Dancing In-Between" and "Goodbye" were featured.[21]In 2013, she had performed the song "God" from her movie Bent.[22] In 2014, her song "Lines" had featured in her movie Lines.[23] In 2017, her song "Cracker Jacks" is the theme song from the movie The Space Between.[24]Among other notable recognitions, Johnson received a nomination for Best Performance by an Actress in a Continuing Leading Dramatic Role at the 24th Annual Gemini Awards in 2009. She also received two nominations as Best Actress for her role in Flashpoint at the Monte Carlo TV Festival.[25][26]

Liam_Keogh
Liam Keogh (born 6 September 1981 in Aberdeen) is a Scottish former professional association footballer, who played as a midfielder.He began his career as a junior with Celtic in September 1997, but never appeared in the Celtic first team. He made his league debut on loan to Forfar Athletic in March 2001, scoring 3 times in 13 games during his loan spell.Keogh left Celtic to join St Mirren on a free transfer in March 2002. In August 2002, after just one appearance, as a substitute, for St Mirren he joined Inverness Caledonian Thistle.In January 2007, with his contract due to expire at the end of the season, he was signed by Peterhead.[1] He then played for Elgin City for one season.[2]

Billy_Armfield
William Christopher Armfield (7 July 1904 – 1985) was an English professional association football player of the 1930s. Born in Birmingham, he joined Gillingham from Exeter City in 1932 and went on to make 30 appearances for the club in The Football League, scoring seven goals. He left to join non-league Droitwich in 1933.[1][2]

Helmut_Ruetz
Helmut Ruetz (born 1972) is an Austrian luger who competed during the 1990s. A natural track luger, he won two medals in the men's doubles event at the FIL World Luge Natural Track Championships with a gold in 1998 and a silver in 1996.Ruetz also won three consecutive gold medals in the men's doubles event at the FIL European Luge Natural Track Championships (1995, 1997, 1999).

Igor_Neuchev
Igor Nikolayevich Neuchev (Russian: Игорь Николаевич Неучев; born October 27, 1974) is a former Russian professional footballer. In 2010, he played for FC Spartak Tambov. He made his debut in the Russian Premier League in 1997 for FC Fakel Voronezh.[1]

Robin_Popplestone
Robin John Popplestone (9 December 1938 – 14 April 2004) was a pioneer in the fields of machine intelligence and robotics. He is known for developing the COWSEL and POP programming languages, and for his work on Freddy II with Pat Ambler at the University of Edinburgh Artificial Intelligence laboratory.Robin Popplestone was born in Bristol in 1938, but after WWII his family moved to Belfast.[1] He received an honours degree in mathematics from Queen's University Belfast in 1960.[2] He started a PhD at Manchester University before moving to Leeds University. His project was to develop a program for automated theorem proving, but he got caught up in using the university computer to design a boat.[1] He built the boat and set sail for the University of Edinburgh, where he had been offered a research position. A storm hit while crossing the North Sea, and the boat sank. A widely believed story about Popplestone was that he never completed his PhD in mathematics because he lost his thesis manuscript in the boat, although Popplestone refused to corroborate this.[3][1] The early part of his professional career was spent at the University of Edinburgh and the later part at the University of Massachusetts Amherst. In 1990, he was elected a Founding Fellow of the Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence.[4] Due to illness, he retired in 2001 to the Glasgow area. He died in 2004 after a 10-year battle with prostate cancer.[2]

Albert_B._Cummins
Albert Baird Cummins (February 15, 1850 – July 30, 1926), American lawyer and politician. He was the 18th Governor of Iowa elected to three consecutive terms and U.S. Senator for Iowa serving for 18 years.Cummins was born in a log house in Carmichaels, Pennsylvania, the son of Sarah Baird (Flenniken) and Thomas L. Cummins, a carpenter who also farmed.[1] He attended different schools including the Greene Academy at Carmichaels, and was matriculated at Waynesburg College.[2][3]He completed required classes at Waynesburg College,[2] but was not graduated because of a dispute with the College's president regarding Darwinism.[1] After leaving college, he initially became a tutor and taught at a country school.[2] At age nineteen, Cummins came with his maternal uncle to Elkader, Iowa, finding employment in the Clayton County recorder's office and also worked as a carpenter.[2] In 1871, he relocated to Allen County, Indiana, where he labored as a railway clerk, carpenter, construction engineer, express company manager, and deputy county surveyor.[1]Cummins moved to Chicago where he studied law while clerking in an attorney's office; he was admitted to the Illinois bar in 1875.[2] After practicing law in Chicago for three years, he set up a practice in Des Moines, Iowa.[2] At first, Cummins represented in court mainly businessmen, thus improving his finances and achieving prominence in Des Moines' high society. However, in his most famous case as an attorney he represented a group of Iowa farmers from the Grange movement against Washburn & Moen, a barb wire trust, as farmers tried to break an eastern syndicate's monopoly of the production of barbed wire by running their own factory.[4] However, historians consider his representation of farmers in the barbed wire case to be an anomaly, because more often he represented corporations or businessmen.[1]After identifying with the Republican Party, Cummins became active first in state and later in national politics. He attended every state and national Republican convention between 1880 and 1924, he served as an Iowa state legislator in 1888 to 1890, he was a presidential elector in 1892, and he was elected to the Republican National Committee in 1896 to 1900. Cummins found political support in the Progressive faction of the Iowa's GOP and challenged Iowa's Republican establishment represented by Senator William B. Allison, Congressman David B. Henderson and Representative William P. Hepburn.[1]In 1887, Cummins was elected to a single term in the Iowa State Senate representing Des Moines. He was asked to serve as temporary chair of the 1892 State Republican Convention.[5] He unsuccessfully pursued a seat in the U.S. Senate in 1894.[5] In 1896 he was active in the William McKinley campaign, and was appointed as Iowa's representative on the Republican National Committee.[5]In 1900, Cummins was passed over twice for the U.S. Senate. In early 1900, when the Iowa General Assembly exercised its former power to choose a U.S. Senator for the Class 2 seat, to serve from 1901 to 1907, Cummins was the opponent of incumbent Republican John H. Gear, but withdrew when it appeared he lacked the votes to win.[6] After Gear suffered a fatal heart attack in July 1900, Governor Leslie M. Shaw rejected numerous appeals to appoint Cummins to the vacancy, and instead appointed Jonathan P. Dolliver.[7] Cummins initially vowed to seek the seat again in the 1901 legislative session,[7] but instead focused on winning the 1901 election for Governor of Iowa.Cummins served as Governor of Iowa between 1902 and 1908, becoming the first Iowa governor elected to three successive terms.[2] In the third election he won tight races for the Republican nomination against George D. Perkins, editor of the Sioux City Journal, and in the general election against Democrat Claude R. Porter.[5] While governor he led efforts to establish compulsory education, a state department of agriculture, and a system of primary elections.[2]Cummins became identified with an approach to tariff-setting known as "the Iowa idea."[8] The "Iowa idea," as stated in the Iowa Republican Party’s 1902 platform, favored "such amendments of the Interstate Commerce Act as will more fully carry out its prohibition of discrimination in ratemaking, and [such] modifications of the tariff schedules [as] may be required to prevent their affording a shelter to monopoly."[9] The "Iowa idea" embodied the principle that tariff rates should accurately measure the difference between the cost of production here and abroad, but not set rates higher than necessary to protect home industries.[2]In June 1908, Governor Cummins ran in the Republican primary for the U.S. Senate seat held by William B. Allison, who was seeking a record seventh term.[5] Cummins was accused of breaking an earlier promise not to challenge Allison,[5] and lost by over 12,000 votes.[10] However, Senator Allison died on August 4, 1908, two months after the primary and before the Iowa General Assembly chose among the primary winners.[11] In November 1908, a second Republican primary was held, which Cummins won decisively.[12] Later that month and again two months later, in January 1909, Cummins was appointed by the Iowa General Assembly over Democratic rival Claude R. Porter.[13][14] He served as U.S. Senator from Iowa for 18 years, from 1908 until his death in 1926. He served as President pro tempore of the U.S. Senate between 1919 and 1925. He also chaired the Senate Judiciary Committee and the U.S. Senate Committee on Interstate Commerce.Cummins generally supported President Woodrow Wilson's initiatives to regulate business, and authored a clause of the Sherman Antitrust Act.[1] Although Cummins voted in favor of the 1917 United States declaration of war on Germany when Wilson requested it, he sided most often with his party than with Wilson on other foreign policy issues, opposing the arming of merchant ships in early 1917 and U.S. membership in a League of Nations in 1919-20.[1]It was as Interstate Commerce Commission chair that Cummins sponsored the Esch-Cummins Act of 1920, establishing the conditions for the return of the railroads to private control after their government operation during World War I.[5] Labor activists complained that the bill perpetuated harsh limits on collective bargaining, including provisions making it a crime to encourage a railroad strike, in the absence of a wartime emergency.[15] It symbolized Cummins' postwar break with the progressive movement, which would ultimately contribute to his defeat.In January 1912, Cummins announced his intention to run for the Republican presidential nomination.[16] He was considered as a candidate at the 1912 Republican National Convention. However, during the turmoil following the walkout of Theodore Roosevelt's supporters, Cummins's name was not placed in the presidential ballot.[17] In the national election, Cummins supported Roosevelt rather than Taft, even though he opposed Roosevelt's creation of a third party.[18]In 1916, Cummins again ran for the Republican presidential nomination at the 1916 Republican National Convention. This time, with no incumbent president of his own party, delegates were split among over a dozen candidates on the first ballot on which Cummins finished fifth. After Cummins again finished fifth on the second ballot, he released his delegates, contributing to the third-ballot victory of Supreme Court Justice Charles Evans Hughes.[19]In June 1926, insurgent Smith W. Brookhart defeated Cummins in the Republican primary for Cummins' Senate seat. Two months earlier, Brookhart had been removed from Iowa's other U.S. Senate seat when a majority of his colleagues in the Republican-controlled U.S. Senate voted in favor of Democrat Dan Steck's challenge to the outcome of the 1924 Brookhart-Steck race. Cummins had refused to take a position on the election contest, knowing that if Brookhart were unseated he would likely run for Cummins's seat.[20] The month after his primary defeat, Cummins died in Des Moines. He is buried at the Woodland Cemetery there.Apart from being the Iowa governor and U.S. Senator, Cummins is remembered for serving as president pro tempore of the Senate during 1919-1925. In addition, two times he declared his intentions to run for the Republican presidential nomination but did not succeed. Cummins was perhaps the most influential and charismatic Progressive leader in Iowa politics in the first quarter of the 20th century.[21] However, he gradually turned more conservative moving from La Follette's Progressivism to the New Era Republicanism of Warren G. Harding. In the 1890s, he led the Iowa Republican Party's progressive wing, or the so-called insurgents, to power at the expense of its old guard of conservative standpatters,[22] who had controlled the party almost since its inception. After his postwar withdrawal from the progressive movement and shortly before his death, Cummins was defeated by a progressive contender within his own party.On June 24, 1874, Cummins married Ida Lucette Gallery; they had only one child, a daughter.[1]

Joyce_Kozloff
Joyce Kozloff (born 1942) is an American artist whose politically engaged work has been based on cartography since the early 1990s.Kozloff was one of the original members of the Pattern and Decoration movement and was an early artist in the 1970s feminist art movements. She has been active in the women's and peace movements throughout her life. She was also a founding member of the Heresies collective.Joyce Blumberg was born to Adele Rosenberg and Leonard Blumberg on December 14, 1942 in Somerville, New Jersey. Leonard, born in New Jersey, was an attorney. Adele was active in community organizations. Both of her parent's families had emigrated from Lithuania. She had two younger brothers, Bruce and Allen.[1]During the summer of 1959, Joyce studied art at New York's Art Students League. In the summer of 1962 she attended Rutgers University and the following summer she attended the Università di Firenze. In 1964 she earned a Bachelor of Fine Arts from the Carnegie Institute of Technology. She then attended Columbia University and received a Masters of Fine Arts in 1967.[1][2]She was married to Max Kozloff on July 2, 1967 at her parent's home in Bound Brook, New Jersey by her family's Orthodox rabbi, although she and Max are not religious. Max, born on June 21, 1933 in Chicago is an art and photography critic and a photographer. Nikolas Kozloff, their son, who is a writer, was born in New York in 1969.[1] Kozloff has lived in New York since 1964 except for a year in Los Angeles, California (1970-1971) and a year in Rome, Italy (1999-2000).Joyce KozloffShe joined with other women in the arts in 1971 to form the Los Angeles Council of Women Artists, a group that organized the first protests about the lack of women included in the Los Angeles County Museum of Art’s exhibitions and collections.[4][5] Upon returning to New York, Kozloff continued to be active in the women artists’ movement. She joined the Ad Hoc Committee of Women Artists and was a founding member of the Heresies Collective in 1975, which produced Heresies: A Feminist Publication on Art and Politics, a quarterly magazine about feminism, art and politics.[6]In the summer of 1973 Kozloff lived in Mexico, in 1975 she visited Morocco and three years later, visited Turkey. She has traveled widely ever since. During her visits she studies their "decorative traditions" and the cultural significance of ornament. When Kozloff first realized, in the early 70s, that the decorative arts were the domain of women and non-western artists, she understood that the hierarchy among the arts had privileged the production of European and American men. This fueled her position as a feminist and inspired her interest in pattern design.[1]Kozloff was mentored and inspired by Miriam Schapiro, Nancy Spero, Ida Applebroog and May Stevens.[3]\Beginning in 1973, wishing to break down the western hierarchy between "high art" and decoration, Kozloff created large paintings, drawing upon worldwide patterns, juxtaposing ornamental passages across an expansive field. In 1975, she began to meet with artists Miriam Schapiro, Tony Robbin, Robert Zakanitch, Robert Kushner, Valerie Jaudon and others pursuing related ideas; they formed the Pattern and Decoration movement.[8] During the late 1970s, she produced An Interior Decorated, an installation composed of hanging silkscreen textile panels; hand painted, glazed tile pilasters; lithographs on Chinese silk paper; and a tiled floor composed of thousands of individually executed images on interlocking stars and hexagons. The project was redesigned for every space in which it was exhibited in 1979 and 1980. Just as her paintings had nonwestern origins, for this installation, she compiled a personal, visual anthology of the decorative arts from dozens of sources, including Caucasian kilims, İznik and Catalan tiles, Seljuk brickwork, and Native American pottery.[1][8][9] "An Interior Decorated is where painting meets architecture, where art meets craft, where personal commitment meets public art", wrote Carrie Rickey, art critic.[1]Kozloff became interested in public art when studying under Robert Lepper at Carnegie Mellon in Pittsburgh. He taught the Oakland Project, in which students went out into the Oakland neighborhood and made art documenting the infrastructure, buildings and people. She said, "That was my initiation into public art -- into the world outside".[10] The mural in the Harvard Square subway station, Cambridge, MA, her first public artwork, was obtained through a competition. Most of the rest of her public projects were directly commissioned. Her initial large scale pieces were composed of interlocking patterns of glass mosaic and/or ceramic tiles, an extension of her earlier gallery art. She began incorporating images from the cities' histories, so as to make the works site specific. For instance, at the Suburban Station in Philadelphia, she substituted an image of William Penn for the Good Shepherd in an appropriation of the famous Byzantine Tomb of Galla Placidia in Ravenna, Italy.[11] The works were often collaborative efforts, involving input from the public, community boards, architects, and arts patrons.[12]Kozloff created 16 public art projects,[11] including:She was interested in public art because it makes art accessible to everyone, and not just the public and private collectors,[1] but became disheartened after the 1990s political "culture wars", felt that she'd have to censor her creative expression to create acceptable "safe art", and discontinued vying for public art commissions.[21]In the late 1980s she produced a series of 32 watercolors entitled Patterns of Desire—Pornament is Crime, published by Hudson Hills Press in 1990 with an introductory essay by Linda Nochlin. This book by a feminist artist juxtaposed the obsessive nature of both decoration and pornography in many traditions, to comic and revelatory effect.[27] A founding member of the New York activist group, Artists Against the War (2003), Kozloff has been increasingly preoccupied with that theme. In 2001, she began Boy's Art, a series of twenty-four drawings based on illustrations, diagrams, and maps depicting historic battles, over which she collaged copies of her son Nikolas’s childhood war drawings and details from old master paintings.[28] An oversized artist’s book of these works was published by D.A.P./Distributed Art Publishers in 2003 with an introductory essay by Robert Kushner. In 2010, Charta Books Ltd. published Kozloff’s third artist’s book, China is Near, which includes a conversation with Barbara Pollack. For this publication, the artist photographed the China most accessible to her, New York’s Chinatown, a few blocks from her home, as well as other Chinatowns within range. She copied old charts of the Silk Road and downloaded online maps of all the places in the world called China. It’s a bright, glossy mash-up of contemporary kitsch and historic commerce, a guide to the global highway.[29]Kozloff has utilized mapping since the early 1990s as a structure for her long-time passions - history, geography, popular arts and culture. In Los Angeles Becoming Mexico City Becoming Los Angeles (1993) and Imperial Cities (1994) she painted cities she knew, overlaying images and patterns reflective of their colonial pasts. She subsequently examined bodies of water such as the Baltic Sea in Bodies of Water, the Mekong and Amazon Rivers in Mekong and memory and Calvino’s Cities on the Amazon (1995–1997). In her series Knowledge (1998–1999), consisting of 65 small (8 x 10") frescoes and six tabletop globes, she depicted the inaccuracies of maps from earlier times, particularly during the Age of Discovery, to reveal the arbitrary nature of what can be known.In 1999–2000, during Kozloff’s year-long fellowship at the American Academy in Rome, she executed Targets, a walk-in globe 9 feet (2.7 m) in diameter made of 24 gore-shaped sections. She painted an aerial map on the inside surface of each section to depict a site bombed by the United States military between the years 1945 and 2000. Upon entering, the visitor is completely surrounded, and if he/she makes a sound there is an echo amplified by the enclosed space. Two multi-panel, 16-foot (4.9 m)-long works followed, each in the form of the flattened gores of a globe (2002): Spheres of Influence (Kozloff’s "terrestrial piece") and Dark and Light Continents (her "celestial piece").[citation needed]For several years, Kozloff worked on a huge installation about the history of western colonialism, shown at Thetis in the Venice Arsenale (2006), Voyages + Targets. She painted islands across the world on 64 Venetian Carnival masks situated inside windows with light streaming through their eyes; hanging from the ceiling and along the brick walls, there were banners (Voyages: Carnevale, Voyages: Maui, and Voyages: Kaho’olawe) with maps of islands in the Pacific and jazzy carnival imagery as it has morphed around the planet. Beginning in 2006, Kozloff’s ongoing tondi (round paintings) began with Renaissance cosmological charts, crisscrossed by the tracks of satellites in space, an imaginary projection of future (star) wars (the days and hours and moments of our lives, Helium on the Moon, Revolver).[citation needed]"Descartes' Heart" is based on the heart-shaped map, Cosmographia universalis ab Orontio olin descripta, by Renaissance cartographer Giovanni Cimerlino (Verona, 1566). On the top is a totally wacky[clarification needed] map called Mechanical Universe by Descartes (1644). The tondi were followed by an 18-foot (5.5 m)-long triptych, The Middle East: Three Views (2010), a projection of the contested areas in that region during the Roman era, the Cold War, and currently. The maps, based on photographs taken by NASA’s Hubble Space Telescope, float in deep space among the stars, as if they had been dislodged from the earth.[citation needed][31]In 2002 she was elected into the National Academy of Design.[33]Her art is in numerous museum collections, including:Kozloff has had group and solo exhibitions since 1970 in many US cities, including New York, Philadelphia, Boston, Los Angeles, Chicago, and Washington, DC[34][35][36][37] She had a traveling exhibition with her husband Max, "Crossed Purposes", that started in Youngstown, Ohio and traveled to eight other museums and university galleries in the US from 1998 to 2000.[36][38] International exhibitions include Italy, Germany, the Netherlands, Belgium, Argentina, and Denmark.[37]Kozloff is represented by DC Moore Gallery in New York City and has been exhibiting there since 1997.[36][39]2015: "Marks Made: Prints by American Women Artists from the 1960s to the Present", Museum of Fine Arts, St Petersburg, Florida.[40]Magazine, col.7 issue 3, January–February 2013.

Abdolnabi_Namazi
Ayatollah Abdolnabi Namazi is an Iranian cleric and politician. He was a member of the 3rd Assembly of Experts of the Islamic Republic of Iran who won re-election for the 4th and 5th Assemblies.He was formerly the prosecutor-general for the judiciary of the Islamic Republic[1] and received some notoriety in 2002 when he was criticized by the conservative newspaper Jumhuri Eslami, for "flagrantly" ignoring Supreme Leaders Ali Khamenei's order to review a death sentence handed down to Hashem Aghajari for apostasy for a speech he gave on Islam urging Iranians to "not blindly follow" Islamic clerics...[2][3]

Malte_Spitz
Malte Spitz (born April 14, 1984) is a German Green Party politician and Executive Committee member.[1] He works on media and privacy issues.A candidate for the Bundestag in the September 2013 national election in Germany. He is known for suing T-Mobile for collecting metadata.[2] He is a TED Speaker and founded the German NGO Society for Civil Liberties, focusing on strategic litigation for human rights.

Kathleen_Nolan
Kathleen Nolan (born Jocelyn Schrum, September 27, 1933) is an American actress. From 1957 to 1962, she played the role of Kate McCoy, a housewife in the Walter Brennan ABC television series The Real McCoys.Born in St. Louis, Missouri, Nolan first appeared on stage on the showboat Goldenrod when she was 13 months old.[1] She acted on the showboat for 12 years.[2] Her family acted in tent shows and had their own troupe, the Circle Stock Company.[1] She graduated from high school in St. Louis and sang on a radio station there.[3]Nolan served for two terms as the first female president of the Screen Actors Guild[4] (1975–79). She also served on SAG's board of directors for a dozen years.[5]She is a life member of the Actors Studio[6] and a recipient of the Women in Film Crystal Award. In 1978, President Jimmy Carter appointed Nolan to the board of the Corporation for Public Broadcasting.[7][8]On Broadway, Nolan played Wendy in the original production of the Styne-Comden-Green musical version of Peter Pan (1954–1955),[9] starring Mary Martin and Cyril Ritchard,[10] a role she repeated in both the 1955 and 1956 live NBC-TV broadcasts on Producers' Showcase.[11] She played Amy in Love in E-Flat (1967).[9]Beyond Broadway, she "did major summer and winter theater ..."[5]Nolan spent most of her career on television, making her debut in an episode of The Philco Television Playhouse.[1] She had a regular role as the teenaged cousin Liz in the 1953-1954 ABC sitcom Jamie, starring Brandon deWilde in the title role.[11]Nolan made other appearances over the years on such series as Gunsmoke, The Lloyd Bridges Show, The Untouchables, Breaking Point, Crossing Jordan, Ally McBeal, Chicago Hope, All My Children, Jacqueline Susann's Valley of the Dolls, Murder, She Wrote (1991) episode "The Prodigal Father", Magnum, P.I. episodes "The Ugliest Dog in Hawaii" (1981) and "Double Jeopardy" (1982), this last one in which Larry Pennell co-guest starred, The Incredible Hulk, Quincy M.E., The Love Boat, Charlie's Angels, The Rockford Files, The Bionic Woman, Kolchak: The Night Stalker, Love, American Style, Bewitched, The Big Valley, The Alfred Hitchcock Hour, Thriller, Burke's Law, Meet McGraw, and Ben Casey.[11]Nolan appeared with fellow guest star Michael Landon in the 1958 episode "Rose of the Rio Bravo" on the ABC Western series Tombstone Territory, starring Pat Conway and Richard Eastham. She also appeared on the NBC interview program Here's Hollywood.Nolan's best known television role was as a co-star on the popular sitcom The Real McCoys, playing Kate, the wife of Luke McCoy (Richard Crenna). On February 23, 1961, she was thrown from a horse and injured during the filming of an episode. She then missed four months of work and was "in and out of the hospital many times" before returning to the series to perform in the episode broadcast on June 15, 1961.[12] Nolan left The Real McCoys prior to its final season (1962-1963). At the time, the series also switched networks from ABC to CBS. The time slot for The Real McCoys changed as well in the switch to CBS, moving from Thursday evenings to Sunday evenings opposite NBC's Bonanza. In the revamped storyline for the series, Nolan's character was said to have died.[11]Nolan subsequently appeared on McHale's Navy, which resulted in her own spin-off series, Broadside, in which she led a strong cast that included Edward Andrews, Dick Sargent, Sheila James (in her last regular television series role), Lois Roberts, Joan Staley, George Furth, Arnold Stang, and Jimmy Boyd. Broadside had good ratings, but Universal Studios dropped the series after a single season.Beyond television, she appeared as Burt Reynold's true love Claudia in his critically acclaimed 2017 film The Last Movie Star.Nolan in 1980 received the Women in Film Crystal Award for outstanding women, "who, through their endurance and the excellence of their work, have helped to expand the role of women within the entertainment industry".[13]In 1959, she was nominated for an Emmy Award for Best Supporting Actress (Continuing Character) in a Comedy Series for her work in The Real McCoys.[14]Nolan married Richard Heckenkamp, a "personal manager for celebrities,"[15] November 4, 1962. They were divorced May 19, 1965.[16] They had a son, Spencer,[2] born September 19, 1963.[15]

Ceretic_of_Elmet
Ceretic of Elmet (or Ceredig ap Gwallog) was the last king of Elmet, a Britonnic kingdom that existed in the West Yorkshire area of Northern England in sub-Roman Britain.Bede records that Hilda of Whitby (born 614), a member of the Deiran royal family, was taken to the court of King Ceretic, after fleeing from the Northumbrian usurper, Æthelfrith of Bernicia. Bede describes Ceretic as "King of the Britons", perhaps meaning just the Britons of that area. When Edwin of Deira returned to power in 617, Ceretic was expelled, supposedly due to complicity in the poisoning of Hilda's father, and his kingdom was annexed to the Kingdom of Northumbria. He is probably the Ceretic whose death is recorded in the Annales Cambriae in 616 (which should be corrected to 617 or soon afterwards).[1] He is generally thought to be identical to Ceredig ap Gwallog, a 'Man of the North', whose father, Gwallog ap Lleenog, is associated with Elmet by the poet, Taliesin.

Darashaw_Nosherwan_Wadia
Darashaw Nosherwan Wadia FRS (25 October 1883 – 15 June 1969) was a pioneering geologist in India and among the first Indian scientists to work in the Geological Survey of India. He is remembered for his work on the stratigraphy of the Himalayas. He helped establish geological studies and investigations in India, specifically at the Institute of Himalayan Geology, which was renamed in 1976 after him as the Wadia Institute of Himalayan Geology.[1] His textbook on the Geology of India, first published in 1919, continues to be in use.[2]Wadia was born at Surat in Gujarat, the fourth of nine children of Nosherwan and Gooverbai Wadia on 25 October 1883. They belonged to Parsi family who had traditionally been shipbuilders and another member of this community included Ardaseer Cursetjee, the first Indian elected Fellow of the Royal Society. Nosherwan Wadia worked as a station master in the Indian Railways at Bombay, Baroda and Central India. Young Wadia received his early schooling in a private school at Surat and later at Sir J. J. English School before the family moved to Baroda in 1894 where he went to Baroda High School. The interest in science was instilled by his oldest brother, Munchershaw N. Wadia who was an educationist in the princely state of Baroda. At 16 years, he moved to Baroda College, where he was influenced by Adarji M. Masani the professor of natural history and Aravind Ghosh. He obtained a BSc degree in 1903 in botany and zoology and another BSc degree in 1905 in botany and geology. A noted educationist in Baroda State, who gave him his abiding love of science, devotion to knowledge, and a rational outlook upon human relationships, all of which were to dominate his subsequent career. The study in geology was helped by the geological collections that were made under Maharaja Sayaji Rao Gaekwar. In 1905 he graduated with a M.A. in biology and geology and began to teach undergraduates. Education in geology in India at that time was restricted to the Universities of Calcutta and Madras where officers of the Geological Survey of India sometimes acted as part-time lecturers. At the age of 23, Wadia obtained the post of a Professor of Geology at the Prince of Wales College at Jammu and continued to work there for the next fourteen years.[2]Wadia found the college very supportive. The location also allowed him to make geological studies in the adjoining region. In 1909 he married Miss Alan G. Contractor. They had a daughter who died in infancy. He spent vacations in the Himalayan region, collecting rocks and fossils. In 1919 he published a textbook of Geology for students, the first new work after the Manual of geology in India which had been revised in 1893. Several editions (sixth in 1966[3]) were to be produced later and this continues to be a major text in Indian geology.[4] In 1925 he discovered tusks and fragments of the extinct elephant-like animal already described as Stegodon ganesa.[2]In 1920, the Geological Survey of India (GSI) expanded from 20 to 32 scientific officers. In 1921, a post was offered to Wadia, then aged 37. He was not the first Indian to join the Survey, but was the first who did not have a degree from a European university. His early work was on the geology of the Himalayas and it involved careful field work and mapping. He collected numerous Middle and Upper Cambrian trilobites which were studied by F R C Reed in 1934.[5] He also found Upper Triassic plant fossils and Eocene Foraminifera leading to revisions of the map of the region. When he visited the Survey headquarters at Calcutta, he lectured at the Presidency College, then under the University of Calcutta. After G. E. Pilgrim's retirement in 1928, Wadia became the Paleontologist at the GSI and continued in that post until 1935. When Wadia left the GSI in 1938, it was in the rank of Assistant Superintendent, the same one in which he had joined.[2]After retiring from the GSI in 1938, Wadia took up an offer from the Government of Ceylon for the post of Mineralogist. This position had earlier been held by J.S. Coates but not filled since 1935. He worked on many aspects of the geology of Sri Lanka. Wadia's first wife, Alan (married in 1909), daughter of G.P. Contractor, died in Kashmir in the mid 1930s and he married Meher Gustadji K. Medivala at Colombo in 1940.[2][6]Wadia returned to India in 1945. In 1947, he became and advisor to the government led by Jawaharlal Nehru. At a meeting he suggested that India should move away from a "lukewarm, hesitating and even patronising" attitude to science and bring about co-operation among Indian scientists to help in tapping "the basic sources of wealth and well-being, yet imperfectly tapped in land, man-power, its rivers, forests, minerals and electric power". In 1948, Homi Jehangir Bhabha who was associated with the creation of the Indian Atomic Energy Act invited Wadia in 1949 to help survey for raw materials for use in reactors.atomic energy. This led to the extraction of thorium and uranium ores in Kerala, Bihar and Rajasthan.[2]Wadia worked on Himalayan stratigraphy, dating various sections and understanding the age and origin of the ranges. He studied the fossils of the Siwaliks, examining the collections at the British Museum along with A T Hopwood and W E Swinton around 1926–27. The Trigonometrical Survey of India had found discrepancies in measurements based on triangulation and those made using astronomy observations. This was described in 1855 by Archdeacon J. H. Pratt of Calcutta and is now called the Bouguer anomaly which he explained on the basis of isostasy. Others like Airy suggested that it was due to light rocks below the Himalayas while Glennie suggested a crust warp as a cause in 1930. Wadia reviewed this matter in 1938 and suggested that it required further work to resolve the debate. Another topic that interested him was the age of the Salt Range which had been suggested as either Cambrian, Pre-Cambrian or Eocene. Birbal Sahni and his fellow researchers reported angiosperms and insect fossils. Wadia suggested that there was some thrust of Cambrian plates over Eocene plates in some areas. Wadia took an interest in soil science. In 1954, he suggested that the Pleistocene Ice Age of the northern hemisphere was a time of great rainfall (the Pluvial Age) in the semi-tropical and tropical latitudes.[2] One of his early contributions was to explain the knee-bend or syntaxis in the mountain ranges around Nanga Parbat.[7]Wadia presided over numerous committees and was on the editorial board of several journals. Wadia received numerous awards for his work. The Back Award from the Royal Geographical Society in 1934, the Lyell Medal from the Geological Society of London in 1943, the Joyakishan Medal from the Indian Association for the Advancement of Science in 1944, the Jagdish Bose Memorial Medal from the Royal Asiatic Society in 1947, an honorary degree of D.Sc. from the University of Delhi in 1947, the Nehru Medal of the National Geographic Society and the Padma Bhushan from India in 1958.[2][8][9] He was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society in 1957.[10]In 1951, a 2 Anna Indian postage stamp to commemorate the centenary of the Geological Survey of India illustrated Stegodon ganesa was released. In 1984 an Indian postal stamp with a portrait of D N Wadia was issued.

Neil_Langman
Neil Hedley Langman (born 21 February 1932) is an English retired footballer who played as a centre forward.Langman started his career with local amateur club Tavistock before signing for Football League club Plymouth Argyle in 1954.[1]He scored 50 goals in 99 appearances for the club before he joined Colchester United in 1957 for £6,750.[2] He was released in 1961 and then joined Bath City. In 1964 he joined Falmouth Town and played 63 in matches, scoring 67 goals.

Norman_McKinnel
Norman McKinnel (10 February 1870 – 29 March 1932) was a Scottish stage and film actor and playwright, active from the 1890s until his death. He appeared in many stage roles in the UK and overseas as well as featuring in a number of films, the best known of which is Alfred Hitchcock's 1927 production Downhill. His surname was sometimes mistranscribed as McKinnell.McKinnel was born in 1870 at Maxwelltown, Kirkcudbrightshire (since incorporated into Dumfries) and originally intended to follow his father into the engineering business before deciding to enter the acting profession. As a playwright he is known for the play, The Bishop's Candlesticks, an adaptation of a section of Victor Hugo's Les Miserables.McKinnel's first stage appearance was in Clacton-on-Sea, Essex in 1894 and he soon based himself in London to further his career. He became known over the course of his career for playing many Shakespearian roles, and his stage work took him the U.S., Australia and South Africa. He was known for writing several easily stageable one-act plays, the most successful of which was The Bishop's Candlesticks (1901).[citation needed]McKinnel's film career began in 1899 in King John, the earliest known example of Shakespeare on film. The work consisted of four brief scenes from the play, and a two-minute fragment survives at the EYE Film Institute in Amsterdam. McKinnel did not act on screen again until the mid-1910s, when he began to make further film appearances fitted in around his stage work. He played the title character in the original London production of Hobson's Choice in 1916. Notably, he appeared as the same character (Nathaniel Jeffcote) in three separate film versions of the same play Hindle Wakes, in 1918 and 1927 silent adaptations and again in 1931 in sound. In 1919 he played Paul Dombey in the first screen version of the Charles Dickens novel Dombey and Son. McKinnel's most widely known film to contemporary audiences is Hitchcock's Downhill, as the harsh but ultimately repentant patriarch opposite Ivor Novello.[citation needed]McKinnel died of a heart attack in London on 29 March 1933, aged 62.[1].

Jack_McCauley
Jack McCauley is an American engineer, hardware designer, inventor, video game developer and philanthropist. As an engineer at Activision, he designed the guitars and drums for the Guitar Hero video game series and was the Chief Engineer at Oculus VR,[2][3] which was later acquired by Facebook for $2 billion. At Oculus, McCauley was chief developer of the Oculus DK1 and DK2 virtual reality headsets.[1][4]From an early age, McCauley loved taking things apart, building them into something new, exploring everything from basic spatial relationships to electronics. When he was 9, Tinkertoy named him a "Junior Tinkertoy Engineer".[5]In 1980, McCauley was accepted into the U.S. Navy Nuclear Power School.[6] The Department of Defense awarded him a full scholarship to the University of California, Berkeley, College of Engineering, where he specialized in electronics and circuit theory and earned a BSc. in electrical engineering and computer science (EECS) in 1986.[7] McCauley credits U.C. Berkeley with moving him into his career as an engineer.[1]McCauley began his professional career at the U.S. Department of Defense.[6] Upon graduating from Berkeley, he worked at various technology and gaming companies including Electronic Arts, Activision, Atari, Nintendo and Microsoft. He helped develop USB drivers, kernel mode drivers, arcade machines and video game related peripherals.[1][2][3]McCauley designed the guitars and drums for the Guitar Hero video game series[3] and invented the first scrolling feature for the computer mouse.[8] Through his development work on Guitar Hero and Oculus VR, McCauley has been a key figure in incorporating Microelectricalmechanical systems (MEMS) technology into video games.[citation needed]In 2005 McCauley joined RedOctane,where he served as Chief Engineer of the Guitar Hero video game franchise. He was a contributor in the acquisition of RedOctane by Activision, where he served as the Director of Research from 2005 to 2009.[9]McCauley designed the electronics for the Guitar Hero guitars and drum controller, which formed the basis for all subsequent Guitar Hero versions.[3][8] He designed key hardware for Time Crisis II and Time Crisis III, Silent Scope, Dance Dance Revolution, Area51, EA Sports Active 2 and Grand Theft Auto.[citation needed]In July 2012, McCauley was recruited by Oculus VR, where he joined Palmer Luckey, Brendan Iribe, Nate Mitchell, and Michael Antonov.[10] He served as Chief Engineer at Oculus until 2015 when the company was acquired by Facebook for $2 billion.[11]At Oculus, McCauley built Luckey's original prototype into a product for the company’s first Kickstarter campaign,[dubious – discuss] and headed engineering while working on development of the DK1 and DK2 developer kits,[12][13] both of which were completed in 120 days from concept to shipping.[citation needed] McCauley led production, designed the test equipment and managed production, engineering, and China-based manufacturing of the Oculus Rift, the company's virtual reality head-mounted display.[14]McCauley worked on creating audio effects; virtual reality motion control; computer peripherals; game controllers; haptic technology; sports and medical physiology measuring devices; light gun technology; composite HID USB device for gaming; and the guitar and drum controller for the Guitar Hero franchise.[1][2] He is one of the originators of the Universal Serial Bus (USB) specification.[15] He has authored numerous research papers in the field of artificial intelligence (AI) and mathematical modeling of AI-based systems.[16] He won the Red Dot award product design for the design of bone-conducting headphones.[3]McCauley contributes to charities associated with the furtherance of education and science. In 2015 he, Paul Jacobs and others funded the Jacobs Institute for Design Innovation at the UC Berkeley College of Engineering;[8] as of October 2015, he is an Innovator in Residence there.[13]

Edgar_Leopold_Layard
Edgar Leopold Layard CMG FZS MBOU, (23 July 1824 – 1 January 1900) was a British diplomat and a naturalist mainly interested in ornithology and to a lesser extent the molluscs. He worked for a significant part of his life in Ceylon and later in South Africa, Fiji and New Caledonia. He studied the zoology of these places and established natural history museums in Sri Lanka and South Africa. Several species of animals are named after him.Born in the Berti Palace, Florence, Italy, to an English family of Huguenot descent, Layard was the youngest of seven sons (two of the earlier siblings died in infancy[1]) of Henry Peter John Layard[2] of the Ceylon Civil Service (the son of Charles Peter Layard, dean of Bristol, and grandson of Daniel Peter Layard the physician) with his wife Marianne, a daughter of Nathaniel Austen, banker, of Ramsgate. Through her, he was partly of Spanish descent. His uncle was Benjamin Austen, a London solicitor and close friend of Benjamin Disraeli in the 1820s and 1830s. His oldest brother was the archaeologist and politician Sir Austen Henry Layard. Layard attributed his early interest in natural history to the lack of siblings close to his age. Lacking playmates, he spent time making collections of shells and butterflies. His interests were not approved of by his father who approved only of literary tastes. When he was ten years old the family returned from Italy to England in Surrey. Layard's father died soon after and his mother moved with the children to her parental home in Ramsgate. Here Layard met a taxidermist and naturalist Mr.Thompson (Layard describes his as "of the “Elnis”" and mentions that he was sometime Mayor of Ramsgate) and learnt to skin and mount birds. After going to school at Richmond he moved to Wheaton Aston and then to Cambridge. He was to join the clergy but influenced by Leonard Jenyns and Col. Babbington, he felt attracted to zoology. He also met a woman with a taste for zoology who he would later marry. Layard chose to go to Canada but found it too cold and returned after 18 months. Now 21 he heard from a cousin of a vacancy in Ceylon for someone with mechanical skills to work on machinery in a coffee estate. He married Barbara Anne, daughter of Reverend John Calthrop on 18 October 1848 and travelled to Ceylon with his wife, now skilled in art, so as to assist him in his zoological studies. Reaching Ceylon he fell ill and was attended to by Dr. Robert Templeton (1802–1892). Noticing the butterfly nets, the two became close friends who pursued the study of lepidoptera. Templeton also influenced Sir J.E. Tennent to find Layard an appointment. Layard was appointed a Custom House officer at Balliganbay. A correspondence with Edward Blyth changed his focus from botany to zoology and birds. Blyth sent him a list of all 182 of the known birds from Ceylon and sought specimens of poorly-known species. Layard valued his correspondence with Blyth greatly and was saddened by his death: This was the beginning of a correspondence continued monthly for years, & of the pleasure & profit it was to me, I can give no idea. I used carefully to bind up his letters as they came, & I often now, when I see them, think with a sad heart of the bright intelligence and vast ornithological knowledge that sank with him, in shadows, in the grave.[1]Layard spent ten years in Ceylon (Sri Lanka), where he studied the local fauna with Robert Templeton. He was forced to leave Ceylon by his and his wife's poor health. Most of their children died in infancy. Before leaving Ceylon, Layard's collection resulted in the number of species going from 182 to 318 species. On one occasion, he was able to use his natural history skills while settling a land dispute in Ceylon between two neighbouring farmers. He settled the disputed position of a filled up drain by digging them up and noticing the remains of a species of mollusc, which was later named after him as Tortulosa layardi (Pfeiffer 1851), along the true drain path. His collections were sent off to England and amounted to 9 tons.[1]In 1854, he went to the Cape Colony as a civil servant working in the service of the governor George Edward Grey (1812–1898). In addition, from 1855 Layard also took on a spare time position as curator of the South African Museum, and carried out extensive improvements at his own expense as well as building up the museum's collection and exhibits.[3] In December 1855 Charles Darwin wrote to Layard with a description of his research investigating "the variation & origin of species", and requested assistance in obtaining specimens of domesticated animals and birds, particularly pigeons.[4] Layard wrote back, and in June Darwin thanked him cordially for his "very valuable letter". In an expedition from October 1856 to March 1857, Layard visited Mauritius, Mombasa, Zanzibar, Madagascar, and ports on the southern coast of South Africa.[5] In 1865 Layard found a whale which became known as the strap-toothed whale or the Layard's beaked whale, and was formally named Mesoplodon layardii. His work at the Mixed Commission ended when it was abolished in 1870, and Layard then had to return to Britain.[3] He was succeeded at the museum by Roland Trimen. Subsequently, Layard had posts in Brazil, where he collected birds for Arthur Hay (1824–1878).Edgar Layard administered the government of Fiji from 1874 to 1875 and was honorary British Consul at Noumea, New Caledonia from 1876.[2] Layard was appointed as an arbitrator to the British and Portuguese Commission at the Cape of Good Hope in 1862.[6] Edgar Layard and his son, Edgar Leopold Calthrop Layard (referred to in the literature as either E.L.C. Layard or Leopold Layard to differentiate him from his father), were active collectors in this region, mainly of bird specimens. Between 1870 and 1881, they visited Fiji, Vanuatu, Samoa, Tonga, the Solomon Islands, New Britain and Norfolk Island. Aside from the South African material, the bird collections they made from their 'home base' of New Caledonia and the Loyalty Islands are the most scientifically important. The Layards sent material to William Sharp MacLeay in Sydney, but also to many other ornithologists. Their specimens have become very scattered. Many went to the British Museum in London. Others went to Henry Baker Tristram, and are now in the National Museums and Galleries on Merseyside in Liverpool, England.In 1867, Layard published The Birds of South Africa, where he described 702 species.[7] This work was later updated by Richard Bowdler Sharpe (1847–1909).Layard wrote in his biographical notes:[1]Layard's first wife, Barbara Anne Calthrop (died 1886), whom he married in 1845,[2] is commemorated in the specific epithet of Layard's parakeet (Psittacula calthropae) and he named the brown-breasted flycatcher (Muscicapa muttui) after his Tamil cook, Muttu who he considered as his "fidus Achates" or faithful follower.[8] Only one son survived from the first marriage Edgar Leopold Calthorp Layard (born 21 Sep 1848). Layard married Jane Catherine Blackhall, daughter of General Robert Blackhall, in 1887.Layard died in Budleigh Salterton, Devon, England on 1 January 1900.Several species are named after Layard including Layard's tit-babbler (Sylvia layardi) and the squirrel, Funambulus layardi. A species of lizard endemic to Sri Lanka, Nessia layardi (originally placed in the genus Acontias) was named after him by Edward Frederick Kelaart.[9][10]

Robert_Wilks
Robert Wilks (c. 1665 – 27 September 1732) was a British actor and theatrical manager who was one of the leading managers of Theatre Royal, Drury Lane in its heyday of the 1710s. He was, with Colley Cibber and Thomas Doggett, one of the "triumvirate" of actor-managers that was denounced by Alexander Pope and caricatured by William Hogarth as leaders of the decline in theatrical standards and degradation of the stage's literary tradition.The family was based for many generations in Bromsgrove, Worcestershire. His great-uncle, Judge Wilks, had served Charles I of England during the English Civil War, for whom he raised a troop at his own expense. After Oliver Cromwell won the civil war, Wilks' father moved to Dublin, where Robert Wilks was born.He was a clerk to Robert Southwell until he joined the Williamite army. As soon as he was discharged from the army, he worked in the Smock Alley Theatre in Dublin from 1691—1693. According to Wilks's version of the story, he had first acted when his army company put on an amateur Othello, and he was so successful that he took up acting as a career. In 1693, Christopher Rich, manager of Drury Lane, hired him to work in London. The same year, he married Elizabeth Knapton.In 1698, he was back in Dublin to perform in George Etherege plays, and he was so popular that he, according to his story, had to escape to London, and the next year he began his collaboration of George Farquhar. Farquhar and Wilks were close friends, and the two traveled from Dublin to London together. In 1699, Wilks appeared in Farquhar's The Constant Couple as Harry Wildair. It was a role that became Wilks's signature, and it made him a heartthrob among the young ladies of London. For the rest of his life Harry Wildair would be Wilks's alter ego, and Wilks would appear in the starring roles in Farquhar plays.At Drury Lane, Christopher Rich ruled the theater with a Machiavellian hand. In 1702, Rich had to choose between Wilks and George Powell, the director of rehearsals. The power struggle went Wilks's way, and Powell left for Lincoln's Inn Fields while Wilks was promoted to director of rehearsals. This put Wilks in a powerful position within the theater, and when the actor's strike occurred in 1706, Wilks was well placed to win. Rich was accused of taking one third of all the actors' profits, and the leading actors walked out for the Queen's Theatre at the Haymarket (now Her Majesty's Theatre). Rich, and his son, John Rich, responded by staging opera and pantomime.At the Haymarket, Wilks was a star. He took the major roles in 1 Henry IV, Hamlet, Julius Caesar, and The Way of the World. He also debuted Farquhar's The Beaux' Stratagem. In 1709, Wilks, with Cibber, Thomas Doggett, and Anne Oldfield joined Owen Swiny in managing the Haymarket. The next year, the group won their struggle and was brought back to Drury Lane, and in 1711 they became the actor-managers of Drury Lane. Thomas Doggett, according to Colley Cibber's somewhat unreliable memoir, forbade any woman being part of the group of managers, and Owen Swiny decided to return to the Haymarket, and so the remaining actor managers formed a "triumvirate." These three managers had profitable and difficult positions, and it is likely that from 1711 to 1714 the shares of the triumvirate never made less than the fantastic sum of £1,000 a year.In 1713, Barton Booth replaced Doggett as actor-manager, and in 1714 Richard Steele joined them and got the theatre a royal patent. This patent allowed the company to present Charles Johnson's The Country Lasses without a license in 1715, and from then on the patent itself was an extremely valuable commodity. Upon Steele's death in 1729, the three current members of the triumvirate got a one-third share in the patent.The managers were very busy with the details of production, but they were as busy as actors. Wilks acted one hundred and forty performances in the 1721-2 season, for example, and Wilks rarely toured out of London (with the exception of a single trip to Dublin in 1711). Wilks was one of the mainstays of Drury Lane, both as a manager and, even more, as an attractive male lead. Colley Cibber, whose autobiography portrays himself as a voice of reason and calm, paints Wilks as a vain and tempestuous personality, and it is possible to believe Cibber's complaints about others without believing his praise of himself. Alexander Pope satirized Wilks, along with Cibber and Doggett, in The Dunciad, both versions. William Hogarth depicted Wilks as a man busy making a pantomime play of a jail break while using scripts for Hamlet as toilet paper. The actor managers responded to the increasing move for "spectacle" plays (see Augustan drama for context) and quick productions with low costs, and thus the triumvirate, in particular, was frequently satirized for cheapening the stage.He died in 1732 in London and was buried in St. Paul's Church, Covent Garden. He had made an exceptional amount of money in his life, but, upon his death, he left his second wife virtually nothing except a share in the Drury Lane patent.Webb, Alfred (1878). "Wilks, Robert" . A Compendium of Irish Biography. Dublin: M. H. Gill & son – via Wikisource.

Nikolay_Shopov
Other reasons this message may be displayed:

Paul_Guay
Paul Francois Guay (born September 2, 1963 in Providence, Rhode Island) is a retired American professional ice hockey player. He is now an assistant coach for his high school's hockey team and is a firefighter for the City of Pawtucket working out of the "Friendly Fives."Guay played for his high school team Mount Saint Charles Academy, which has been known to boost many players up to the NHL. Also, Paul played for the 1984 US Olympic team and scored one goal with the team.

Louis_Luckins
Louis Wells Luckins (24 June 1885 – 6 July 1970) was a member of the Queensland Legislative Assembly.[1]Luckins was born in Springsure, Queensland, the son of Louis Wells Luckins Snr and his wife Bridget Mary (née Armitage). He was educated at Mount Morgan State School and after leaving school he served in the Natal Civil Service from 1903 to 1906. He fought in the Native Rebellion there in 1906 where he was awarded the medal and clasp before heading to China where he was an officer in the Chinese Maritime Customs from 1907-1914. He fought in the Chinese Revolution of 1911 and received a Chinese decoration by the Viceroy of Canton for saving lives in the 1907 typhoon in China.[1]After receiving Imperial Customs appointments in Batavia, Singapore, Philippines and Western Australia he came to Brisbane in 1917 where he was a valuer and real estate agent until 1944.[1]On 7 October 1914 Luckins married Frances Mary Clews[1] (died 1974)[2] and together had one son. He died in 1970 and was cremated at Mt Thompson Crematorium.[3]Luckins was an alderman in the Brisbane City Council on two separate occasions, the first from 1928 to 1931 and the second time from 1935 to 1941. He was the chairman of the Council Transport Committee from 1935-1941.[1]Representing the United Australia Party, he then won the seat of Maree in the Queensland Legislative Assembly in 1941. The seat of Maree was abolished before the 1950 state election and Luckins won the new seat of Norman where he served another three years. By this time he was a member of the Liberal Party.[1]He was a member of the Maree Progress Association, the Kangaroo Point School Committee, and Vice-President of the East Brisbane Automobile Club.[1]

John_Smoke_Johnson
John Smoke Johnson (December 2 or 14, 1792 – August 26, 1886) or Sakayengwaraton (also known as Smoke Johnson), was a Mohawk leader in Canada. After Johnson fought for the British Crown in the War of 1812, he was honoured by his tribal council as a "Pine Tree Chief", a non-hereditary position. He was influential in the Mohawk and Anglophone communities of Upper Canada.Smoke Johnson, a full-blood,[1] was born in 1792 in Ontario into the Bear clan of his Mohawk mother at the Six Nations Indian Reserve. In the Mohawk matrilineal kinship system, the mother's clan and eldest brother were most important in her children's life; they took their status from her clan. His father was Jacob Tekahionwake Johnson (1758–1843). Smoke was reared in traditional Mohawk culture, but likely learned English as well.His father Tekahionwake was born in Mohawk territory in the colony of New York, in what became the United States. Tekahionwake was baptized and took the name Jacob Johnson, adopting his surname from that of Sir William Johnson, the influential British Superintendent of Indian Affairs, who acted as his godfather.[1] Jacob passed the Johnson surname down to his children. With the United States victory in the American Revolutionary War, the Mohawk and other Iroquois allies of the British had been forced to cede their large territories in New York. They moved to Canada, where the British Crown granted them land in compensation at the Six Nations and other reserves in what became Ontario.Smoke Johnson married Helen Martin (1798 – March 27, 1866) of the Wolf clan. She was the daughter of Catherine Rolleston and her husband Ohyeatea, also known as George Martin. Catherine Rolleston was ethnic Dutch, but she had been captured as a girl by the Mohawk, adopted by a family in the Wolf clan, and became assimilated as Mohawk. The Johnsons had seven children, who were considered to be born into the Wolf clan: Mary, Aaron, Joseph, William, Margret, Susannah and George Henry Martin (Onwanonsyshon).Johnson became a leader in Canada. He fought for the British Crown in the War of 1812 and was honored by his tribal council when chosen as a "Pine Tree Chief", a non-hereditary position. He was influential in the Mohawk and British communities of Ontario, Canada.His son George Henry Martin Johnson was selected as a hereditary Mohawk chief of his mother's Wolf clan in the matrilineal society. Fluent in English and Mohawk, he became a leader on the Six Nations reserve and an interpreter for the Canadian government. As an informal diplomat and negotiator, he helped facilitate relations between the Native and British communities.George Johnson married Emily Howells, a native of England whose family had immigrated to the United States in 1832. They had four children, including Emily Pauline Johnson (1861-1913), who became a respected Native American poet.[2]

Garrett_Hammond
Garret Hammond was the drummer of the Chicago-based alternative rock bands Kill Hannah and Prick.Hammond drummed for the band Prick, which was signed to Nothing Records owned by Nine Inch Nails' Trent Reznor.Hammond drummed on select tracks of Kill Hannah's album American Jet Set and eventually joined the band full-time. He remained in the band through the recording of their second major label album released on Atlantic Records, Until There's Nothing Left of Us. He left the band for personal reasons, but still performs periodically with the band, including full-time during their 2011 Euro Tour.Hammond recorded/engineered and produced Chicago band Out For Hours first full-length album titled Save Today Tomorrow.Hammond now is currently recording with Jonny Radtke (ex-Kill Hannah guitarist) in Radtke's new solo project, Polar Moon. He also records with David Martorana at FAT RECORDING STUDIO in Illinois and does some tours with Kill Hannah.

Bunny_Breckinridge
John Cabell "Bunny" Breckinridge (August 6, 1903 – November 5, 1996) was an American actor and drag queen, best known for his role as "The Ruler" in Ed Wood's film Plan 9 from Outer Space, his only film appearance.Breckinridge was born in Paris, France to Adelaide Murphy and John Cabell Breckinridge Sr. (1879–1914), a wealthy Californian family.[1] He was the great-great-great-grandchild of U.S. Attorney General John Breckinridge (and the great-grandchild of both U.S. Vice President and Confederate general John C. Breckinridge and Wells Fargo Bank founder Lloyd Tevis). He spent time at Eton College and Oxford University in England.[citation needed]In 1958, Breckinridge agreed to play the role of an alien leader in the film Graverobbers from Outer Space (later retitled Plan 9 from Outer Space), directed by his friend, Ed Wood. Wood and Breckinridge were introduced to one another by their mutual friend Paul Marco, who played Kelton the Cop in three Wood films.Breckinridge and Marco were living together in the latter's modest home at the time, despite the fact that he was a struggling B-movie actor and Breckinridge was an independently wealthy socialite. David Demering, who played the airplane co-pilot in the film, also lived with them.Breckinridge's previous stage experience convinced Wood to cast him as the alien ruler who oversees an attempt to take over the Earth using an army of reanimated corpses. Indeed, his background made him one of the few truly experienced actors in the entire cast. Dressed in a pajama-like outfit which is curiously less ornate than those worn by his underlings, he sports very visible mascara and lipstick, and constantly rolls his eyes and mugs for the camera.Breckinridge continued his theatrical career throughout the 1950s, but in small local productions, such as playing the role of The Inquisitor in Richard Bailey's production of The Lark in Carmel.By 1980, Plan 9 from Outer Space had amassed a cult following among B-movie buffs as the "worst film ever made", making Breckinridge's name known to a new generation. Meanwhile, he returned to stage acting, appearing mostly in local productions in San Francisco.In 1994, Breckinridge was surprised to find himself portrayed as a character in a major motion picture, played by Bill Murray in Tim Burton's 1994 biopic Ed Wood.[citation needed] His advanced years and failing health, however, prevented him from participating in any of the publicity surrounding the film.[2]In 1927, while working as a drag/burlesque entertainer in Paris, he married Roselle du Val de Dampierre (1903-1999), the daughter of Robert Henri du Val de Dampierre, a French Count, and Marie du Val de Dampierre (née Serailler). They divorced two years later, but had one daughter:Breckinridge maintained homes on each coast – one in New Jersey and one in San Francisco.He died on November 5, 1996 at age 93, in a nursing home in Monterey, California. He was quoted in his obituary as saying, "I was a little bit wild when I was young, darling, but I lived my life grandly."[4]Openly gay[5] at a time when it was daring (and even dangerous) to be so, he was well known for his flamboyant lifestyle, his outrageous sense of humor, and his penchant for perfume and costume jewelry. He performed in Shakespearean plays in England before moving to San Francisco in the late 1920s. He also frequently performed in drag.In 1955, he was arrested in a San Francisco waterfront bar and charged with vagrancy and jailed, though the charges were later dropped because of his family and wealth.In 1959, shortly after Plan 9 From Outer Space's disappointing release, Breckinridge was convicted on ten counts of "sex perversion" for taking two underage boys on an excursion to Las Vegas. He was committed to the Atascadero State Hospital for the criminally insane, and released the following year.[4]Upon his release, he returned to his San Francisco home, a Spanish-style bungalow adorned with gold framed photographs of the many celebrities he met and befriended, including Princess Margaret, Noël Coward, J. Edgar Hoover, Elvis Presley, and Ed Sullivan. Breckinridge frequently opened his home to members of the growing hippie movement, who were enthralled not only by his stories of his flamboyant youth, but also his favorable opinions on free love and his encyclopedic knowledge of both gay history and the lives of closeted Hollywood stars.In the 1940s, male-to-female sex change operations were becoming more widely available in Europe, and Breckinridge expressed many times his desire to undergo the procedure.[2] With the nationwide attention given to Christine Jorgensen's sex change in 1952, Breckinridge became more determined than ever to begin transitioning. In 1954, he announced plans to travel to Denmark and undergo the operation so he could marry his male secretary.[5] Though Breckinridge was by this time a grandparent, his granddaughter supported him in his efforts. Shortly thereafter, a San Francisco judge scuttled his Denmark trip by ordering him into court for failing to make good on an earlier agreement to pay $8,500 a year to support his elderly, blind mother in England. He then made arrangements with a sex-change surgeon in Mexico, but had a serious car accident while traveling there. He gave up his pursuit of the matter afterwards.[citation needed]

John_Chang_Yik
The Right Reverend John Chang-yik (born November 20, 1933, Seoul, Korea) is Bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Ch’unch’on, South Korea.The son of Chang Myon, he was born as Chang Ik. On 30 March 1963, aged 29, he was ordained a parish priest. On 11 November 1994, aged 61, he was appointed as Bishop of Ch’unch’on and ordained a month later. His consecrators were: Stephen Cardinal Kim Sou-hwan, Archbishop Victorinus Youn Kong-hi and Nicholas Cardinal Cheong Jin-Suk.Bishop John Chang-yik has been a priest for 47 years and a bishop for 16 years (as of 2010).

Vernon_Prins
Vernon George Prins (14 April 1924 – 31 July 2003) was a Sri Lankan cricketer who captained the Ceylon team in first-class matches from 1955-56 to 1959-60.Prins attended S. Thomas' College, Mount Lavinia, where he played for the First XI for several years, captaining the team in 1942-43.[1] He captained Nondescripts Cricket Club in the P Saravanamuttu Trophy from 1952 to 1959, leading them to five premierships, and scoring 5611 runs at an average of 45.25 and taking 322 wickets at 15.60.[2] In 1954-55 Nondescripts played The Rest (that is, Rest of Ceylon) in a three-day match at the Nondescripts ground. Prins took 5 for 11 and 6 for 41 and Nondescripts won by 320 runs.[3]He played for Ceylon from 1944-45 to 1959-60, captaining the national team from 1955-56 to 1959-60. His best performances came in consecutive matches for the Gopalan Trophy. In 1957-58 he took 5 for 48 and 3 for 52,[4] and in 1958-59 he took 6 for 85 and 2 for 44.[5] He also made his highest first-class score in the Gopalan Trophy, 74 in 1953-54.He worked as a police inspector. He also represented Ceylon at hockey.[6]

Paul_A._Engelmayer
Paul Adam Engelmayer (born April 12, 1961) is a United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York.Born in New York City, New York, Engelmayer earned an Artium Baccalaureus summa cum laude in 1983 from Harvard College, where he was editorial chairman of The Harvard Crimson and inducted into Phi Beta Kappa,[1] and a Juris Doctor magna cum laude in 1987 from Harvard Law School, where he was treasurer of the Harvard Law Review.[2] He then worked as a clerk for United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit Judge Patricia Wald from 1987 until 1988,[2] and then for Supreme Court of the United States Justice Thurgood Marshall from 1988 until 1989.[2][3]Between 1983 and 1984, Engelmayer worked as a staff reporter for The Wall Street Journal in the paper's Philadelphia bureau. From 1989 until 1994, Engelmayer worked as a federal prosecutor in Manhattan, serving as an Assistant United States Attorney from 1989 until 1994 but also serving as deputy chief appellate attorney in 1994. From 1994 until 1996, Engelmayer was an Assistant to the United States Solicitor General Drew S. Days, III.[2] Engelmayer returned to the United States Attorney's office in Manhattan in 1996, serving as the chief of the major crimes unit from 1996 until 2000.[2] In 2000, Engelmayer joined the law firm Wilmer Cutler Pickering Hale and Dorr in Manhattan as a partner.[2] He was the partner in charge of the New York office since 2005.[3]On February 2, 2011, President Obama nominated Engelmayer to a judicial seat to fill the seat vacated by Judge Gerard E. Lynch, who previously had been elevated to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit.[4] On March 16, 2011, Engelmayer had a hearing before the Senate Judiciary Committee.[5] On March 31, 2011, Senator Charles Grassley placed Engelmayer's nomination on hold, along with two other nominations.[6] Grassley later lifted the holds, and the Senate Judiciary Committee referred Engelmayer's nomination to the full Senate on April 7, 2011.[7] On Friday, July 22, 2011, it was announced that the Senate had scheduled a full vote on Engelmayer's nomination on July 25, 2011. On July 25, 2011, the vote was postponed until July 26, 2011. The Senate confirmed Engelmayer in a 98–0 vote on July 26, 2011.[8] He received his commission on July 27, 2011.[3]Engelmayer and his wife, Emily Mandelstam, who are both Jewish, live in Manhattan.[9] Englemayer and Mandelstam have two school-age children, Caroline and William.

Barend_Joseph_Stokvis
Barend Joseph Stokvis (Dutch pronunciation: [ˈbaːrənt ˈjoːsəf ˈstɔkfɪs]; 16 August 1834 – 28 September 1902) was a physician and professor of physiology and pharmacology at the University of Amsterdam. He is mainly remembered for his description of acute porphyria in 1889.[1][2] As a researcher in chemical pathology he made contributions to the understanding of a number of diseases, such as diabetes. He was also considered an expert in tropical medicine and a celebrated medical educator.[3] He authored an influential pharmacology textbook.[3] Stokvis was one of a number of prominent 19th century Jewish physicians in the Netherlands.[4]Stokvis was born to Rachel Wittering and Joseph Barend Stokvis, Jr., a Jewish physician and obstetrician in Amsterdam.[5] He studied medicine in Amsterdam and at the University of Utrecht under Franciscus Donders and Jacobus Schroeder van der Kolk,[3][6] obtaining a doctorate on a dissertation on hepatic glucose production in diabetes in 1856.[3][7][8] His thesis appeared shortly after the publication of related work by the French physiologist Claude Bernard.[9] Stokvis may also have been influenced by the chemist Gerardus Mulder in Amsterdam.[10] Subsequently, he travelled to Paris and Vienna (and possibly Prague),[10] before establishing himself in medical practice in Amsterdam. He continued his medical research under the physiologists Adriaan Heynsius, Wilhelm Kühne and Thomas Place.[6] In 1867, the Brussels Academy awarded a gold medal to Stokvis for an essay on the development of albuminuria, a kidney disorder in which the protein albumin can be detected in the urine.[6][8][9]In 1874 he was appointed as lecturer in medicine at the Athenaeum Illustre in medicine, pathology and pharmacodynamics,[3][6][8] and became a professor when the Athenaeum received university status and became the Municipal University of Amsterdam.[3][11] He served as rector magnificus (dean) of the university in the 1880s.[11]His prolific output, mainly in chemical pathology,[3] included research into the metabolism of glycogen, uric acid, and urea; studies into an epidemic of cholera in Amsterdam; the toxicity of Atropa belladonna (deadly nightshade); various pigmented substances in the blood (including porphyrins); the nature of the heart sounds; and several contributions in tropical medicine,[6] in which he was considered an expert.[3] He also described the blood disorder methaemoglobinaemia.[11]In 1889, he reported on a case of acute illness provoked by the newly introduced hypnotic drug sulfonmethane, also known as sulfonal.[1][12] Stokvis observed the unusual dark red urine, discovered that it contained porphyrins, and coined the name "porphyria" for the condition.[2] The patient's underlying condition was probably acute intermittent porphyria, which can be provoked by medicines. Similar reports by others followed shortly after, and it was soon found that other drugs could also induce porphyria attacks.[12][13] The Swedish chemist Olof Hammarsten further analysed red compound found in the urine of the patients with sulfonal-related porphyria attacks, labeling it "haematoporphyrin".[14] Porphyrins were first identified by the German chemist Felix Hoppe-Seyler in 1871, and derive their named from the Greek for purple—poxphuros—after to their purple color.[13]Stokvis' most important work was judged by his contemporaries to be his three-volume "Voordrachten over Geneesmiddelenleer" ("Speeches on Pharmacology", soon translated into the French "Leçons de Pharmacotherapie"), which appeared shortly before his death.[3][11]Stokvis was close to the influential German pathologist Rudolf Virchow.[11] In 1879 Stokvis was elected a member of the Royal Netherlands Academy of Arts and Sciences,[6][8][15] and he served as vice-president of the Academy in 1896.[6] He was awarded received an honorary Doctorate of Laws by the University of Edinburgh in 1884.[8][11] Stokvis also chaired the 1883 International Colonial Medicine Congress in Amsterdam.[6] He was one of the founders (in 1896) of Janus, an international journal for the history of medicine.[3][6][10] He is regarded as an illustrious member of Holland's medical dynasty, and as a pioneer in the fields of chemical physiology and chemotherapy.[4] Together with Samuel Siegmund Rosenstein, professor of medicine in Leiden, he was a supporter of Aletta Jacobs, the first woman to qualify as a doctor in the Netherlands.[4]In addition to his medical work, Stokvis also succeeded his father as president of the charitable Jewish Poor Board (Nederlandsch Israëlitisch Armbestuur),[6] was a member-founder of the Dutch Jewish Institute for the Insane, and a board member of the Jewish Institute for the Aged and the Amsterdam Jewish Hospital (Centraal Israëlitische Ziekenverpleging).[3][9] He was also a patron of the arts.[9]In 1865 he married Julia Elisabeth,[9] the sister of his close friend, the banker and philanthropist A.C. Wertheim.[3] They had two children.[9] He was an ardent swimmer, and wrote poetry under several pseudonyms. He spoke several languages.[3] He died in Amsterdam shortly after returning from a holiday in Ireland,[11] from what was thought to be myocarditis.[10]

Joichiro_Tatsuyoshi
Joichiro Tatsuyoshi (辰吉丈一郎 Tatsuyoshi Jōichirō, born May 15, 1970) is a former World Boxing Council (WBC) world bantamweight champion from Kurashiki, Okayama, Japan. His record is 20–7–1 (14 KOs).He is popular for his fight style and unique personality, and has appeared in several television variety shows.He is named after Joe Yabuki, the main character of the boxing anime, Ashita no Joe (Tomorrow's Joe). Coincidentally, he fights in the same weight class (bantamweight) as the character he is named after.He has a large reach in comparison with his height (Tatsuyoshi is 164 cm tall with a reach of 178 cm) and is known for his distinctively low guard. He often keeps his hands in front of his chest, unlike other boxers who usually keep their hands closer to the head.He is managed by the Osaka Teiken boxing gym.Tatsuyoshi's father was a boxing fan and began training his son when he was a toddler. After graduating from middle school, Tatsuyoshi moved to Osaka to begin training, working part-time at restaurants to support himself. Tatsyoshi won the Japanese amateur bantamweight championship at age 17, becoming a candidate for the Seoul Olympics. Tatsuyoshi was featured in a local Kansai newspaper as one of Japan's best young boxers. His amateur record was 18–1–0.Tatsuyoshi turned pro in 1989 and won the Japanese Bantamweight in his fourth professional fight. He won the WBC World Bantamweight Title in his eighth professional fight in 1991, the fastest of any Japanese boxer (Nobuo Nashiro tied this record in 2006, winning the WBA Super Flyweight Title in his eighth fight). However, he was discovered to have a torn retina while training for his first title defense, forcing him into rehabilitation.Almost a full year after winning the title, Tatsuyoshi fought Victor Rabanales, who had become the WBC Interim Champion during Tatsuyoshi's inactivity. Tatsuyoshi lost by TKO in the ninth round but vowed revenge,[1] claiming it was his twin brother "Joujirou" who had lost the fight. Tatsuyoshi fought Rabanales again on July 22, 1993, for the WBC World Bantamweight Interim Title, defeating Rabanales by 12-round decision. In September of the same year, he was found to have another eye injury; this time a detached left retina, forcing him to give up his interim title and nearly forcing him into retirement. Tatsuyoshi managed to continue his career, making a comeback in July 1994 in Hawaii, knocking out his opponent in three rounds. The WBC returned the interim title to Tatsuyoshi after the fight.In December, 1994, Tatsuyoshi fought WBC Bantamweight Champion Yasuei Yakushiji. Being a title match between two Japanese fighters, the match generated huge media attention, and Tatsuyoshi was a huge favorite to win. However, he ended with a loss by 12-round decision, losing his interim title.Tatsuyoshi challenged the WBC Super Bantamweight Champion twice in 1996 and 1997, but lost both times. Many began to believe he was no longer capable of fighting at the world level, and in November 1997, Tatsuyoshi challenged undefeated WBC Bantamweight Champion Sirimongkol Singwangcha, with the intent of retiring if he failed to win. Despite the odds, he won by TKO in seventh round, reclaiming his title after three years.Tatsuyoshi recorded two title defenses before losing to Veeraphol Sahaprom on December 29, 1998. He challenged Sahaprom in August 1999, but lost again in the seventh round, and announced his retirement after the fight. He changed his mind shortly afterwards and resumed his training, making a comeback fight on December 15, 2002, winning by TKO after more than three years of inactivity. He won again in September 2003, but fell into inactivity again after injuring his left knee. There are no plans for a next fight, but he still trains with his son, Jukiya, who wishes to follow his father into professional boxing.Tatsuyoshi admitted that he was bullied during his early childhood. He overcame it through boxing and never lost a street fight during his teens. He says he never used his fists when street fighting, because a bare knuckle punch could severely injure his opponent. He used open-handed slaps and elbows instead. Because of his experiences, Tatsuyoshi has appeared in public advertisements condemning bullying.He is known to train exceptionally hard. Trainers used to keep their young boxers away from Tatsuyoshi, not because he might injure the younger boxers in a sparring session, but because the younger fighters might give up after seeing the enormous amount of time Tatsuyoshi spent training.After losing an amateur bout, he left his gym for about half a year, homeless. He met his current wife at a cafe he stopped by during this period. Tatsuyoshi credits his wife for giving him the strength to return to his gym.He is friends with comedian Hitoshi Matsumoto of Downtown and has appeared on his show Downtown DX. He is also friends with baseball star Ichiro Suzuki, who has attended several of Tatsuyoshi's fights.He has appeared numerous times in the popular Japanese boxing manga Hajime no Ippo.Tatsuyoshi turned 37 in May 2007. Tatsuyoshi had suffered several serious injuries, and his management has expressed a desire to not see him take further damage, making it difficult for him to fight in Japan. Tatsuyoshi "resurfaced" in Thailand in 2008 to continue his career abroad.[2] When commentating on televised boxing matches, Tatsuyoshi has shown clear signs of being punch drunk (slurred speech and forgetfulness), worrying his fans.

William_Millton
William Varnham Millton (10 February 1858 – 22 June 1887) was a New Zealand rugby union player and cricketer. He was the first captain of the New Zealand national rugby union team, leading them on their 1884 tour of New South Wales, and represented Canterbury in both rugby union and cricket.Born in Christchurch on 10 February 1858,[1] Millton was the eldest son of William Newton Millton, a sea captain and runholder, and his wife Caroline Millton (née Stockman).[2][3] He was educated at Christ's College from 1869 to 1876,[1][4] and went on to become a barrister and solicitor.[5] On 23 April 1885, Millton married Elizabeth Anderson at St Paul's Church in Christchurch.[2] She was the youngest daughter of John Anderson, who served as the second mayor of Christchurch,[2][6] and her brother, also called John Anderson, played rugby for Scotland against England in 1872, and was the first New Zealander to appear in a rugby international.[1][7]One of Millton's brothers, Edward, also represented New Zealand in rugby union.[8]A batsman,[9] Millton was captain of both the United Cricket Club in Christchurch and the Canterbury provincial side.[5] Between the 1877–78 and 1886–87 seasons, he played 12 first-class matches for Canterbury, scoring a total of 298 runs, at an average of 14.19 and a high score of 57. He made one 50, and took six catches.[9] He captained Canterbury and hit the equal-highest score of the match, 35, when Canterbury had the better of a draw against the touring Australians in November 1886.[10]Millton was a Canterbury rugby representative from 1876 and captain of the side from 1878. While visiting Auckland and Wellington with the Canterbury cricket team, he met with rugby officials and suggested a tour to Australia. Subsequently, in 1884, the first New Zealand national rugby union team was selected to tour New South Wales, with Millton as its captain. He led the side in their first-ever match, a pre-tour fixture against a Wellington XV at Newtown Park in Wellington, in eight of the nine tour matches in Australia, including the three encounters with New South Wales, and was unbeaten as captain. In all he scored 35 points, including four tries. Three of his tries came in the 23–10 win against Wallaroo and University, and he scored another try in the final match against New South Wales.[1] Milllton did not appear in any Test matches because New Zealand did not play its first full international until 1903.Millton also served as secretary of the Canterbury Rugby Football Union.[1]Millton died of typhoid at his home in Christchurch on 22 June 1887,[1][5] and was buried in St Peter's churchyard, Upper Riccarton.[11]

Torgo
Torgo may refer to:

Francis_Bermingham
Francis Bermingham, O.F.M., fl. 1652, was an Irish Franciscan friar and scholar.Bermingham was a descendant of Meyler de Bermingham (1275), the founder of Athenry.Popularly known as Franciscus a Galvia (Francis of Galway), he was born there early in the 17th century. Upon joining the Franciscan Order as a young man, he was sent abroad to be educated. He taught philosophy at Milan and in Rome was Jubilate lecturer in Divinity at the College of St. Isidore, as well as serving as Definitor General of his Order. He was named amongst those Franciscan friars banished from their convent at Galway in 1652.

Tim_Wellens
Stage racesOne-Day Races and ClassicsTim Wellens (born 10 May 1991) is a Belgian professional road bicycle racer, and former mountain bicycle racer, who currently rides for UCI WorldTeam Lotto–Soudal.[1]Born in Sint-Truiden, Wellens has competed as a professional since the middle of the 2012 season,[2] joining the Lotto–Belisol team after three seasons with the squad's development team.Wellens made his début with the team at the GP José Dubois, where he finished eighth; he later made his first appearances on the UCI World Tour, by competing in the Canadian pair of races in Quebec, and Montreal attempting to bridge to each race's breakaway during the respective events.[3][4] Wellens performed strongly in the season-ending Tour of Beijing, finishing each of the race's stages inside the top 25 placings – taking a best of fifth on the final stage – en route to a final overall placing of tenth,[5][6] and second to Saxo Bank–Tinkoff Bank rider Rafał Majka in the young rider classification.[7]In August 2014, Wellens won Stage 6 in the Eneco Tour with a solo breakaway.[8] The time he gained on this stage meant he ultimately won the race overall.He was named in the start list for the Tour de France.[9] At the Eneco Tour, on Stage 6 Wellens attacked on the Côte Saint-Roch, then won nine seconds in the sprints in the golden kilometre. The main group was not able to chase Wellens down and his lead extended during the downhill run into Houffalize; he won the stage by 49 seconds ahead of Van Avermaet, with Geschke third. Wellens moved into the overall lead, 1' 03" ahead of Van Avermaet, with Kelderman dropping to third.[10] Wellens defended his lead on the final stage to win his second successive Eneco Tour.At the Giro d'Italia, Wellens won Stage 6 after joining the successful breakaway partway through the stage. In July 2016, Wellens won Stage 5 of the Tour de Pologne with a solo breakaway in a rain soaked stage in which 85 riders abandoned.[11] This gave him a lead of over 4 minutes in the General Classification, which he successfully defended to the end of the race.Wellens abandoned Stage 15 of the Tour de France because of heat and pollen allergies which he refused to treat with a TUE, which he does not approve to use.[12] Despite having asthma, Wellens does not use an inhaler and also criticised Chris Froome during his salbutamol case.Wellens' first victory in 2018 came at the Trofeo Serra de Tramuntana where he won the race for a second year in a row.[13] At the Ruta del Sol, Wellens won stage 4 and took the lead of the overall standings, by beating Mikel Landa on the cobbled climb of Alcalá de los Gazules.[14]

Gabriel_Auphan
Counter-admiral Gabriel Paul Auphan (November 4, 1894, Alès – April 16, 1982) was a French naval officer who became the State Secretary of the Navy(secrétaire d'État à la Marine) of the Vichy government from April to November 1942.Entered the École navale on October 1911, enseigne de vaisseau in October 1914, he served on board Jeanne-d'Arc in the northern squadron, then in April 1915, in the Mediterranean where he participated to operations in the Dardanelles.In September 1915, assigned to the intelligence service established in an island in the Levantine Mediterranean, he organized a network covering the entire Levant. He continued to lead this mission as of August 1916, as second in command of aviso Laborieux, then at Kastelórizo on the coast of Anatolia.Second in command of submarine Le Verrier in September 1917, he participated in campaigns in the Adriatic until the end of the war. On January 1919, he was sent to Rijeka to serve in the intelligence service, then in Egypt and Lebanon. Lieutenant de Vaisseau in June 1919, he commanded the submarine Le Verrier in the Mediterranean (1920–1922), and wrote studies of analysis on the role of torpilleurs during the Battle of Jutland and the employment of tactical submarines engaged in chases by groups in which he advocated the anticipation of ideas which were later realized by Admiral Donitz during the Second World War.Assigned in June 1922 to the État-Major général de la marine, he launched the construction of the Requin-class submarine. Apprentice at École de guerre navale (1923–1924), he commanded in 1925, the submarine Fulton in the Mediterranean. Capitaine de corvette in January 1927, he was assigned in the previous November to the cabinet of Georges Leygues, minister of the Navy (French: Ministre de la Marine), where he particularly worked towards the specific enacting of the organic decree of April 22, 1927 which reorganized the navy.He was appointed to command the destroyer La Palme in the Mediterranean in 1929, Capitaine de frigate in April 1930, he was tasked to manage and run the application school of the enseignes de vaisseau embarked on board the 1st Light Division which replaced in provision the Jeanne-d'Arc and conducted accordingly a long campaign on the African coasts, Antilles and the Mediterranean. He then commanded a squadron of large destroyers comprising Guépard and Jaguar in the Mediterranean.Director of the center of studies and second in command of the École navale at Brest in 1933, he served then in the cabinet of François Piétri, minister of the Navy (French: Ministre de la Marine) (1934–1935), then commanded the cruiser Émile-Bertin in squadron in the Atlantic. Capitaine de Vaisseau in October 1936, he received in October 1937 the command of the Jean-d'Arc and the application school of the enseignes de vaisseau with whom he conducted a tour around the world (1937–1938) and a second campaign in the Atlantic and the Pacific. He exercised the functions of military governor of Polynesia (1938–1939). He was accordingly assigned to studies section of the État-Major general. In anticipation of the war which was expected, he was sent to London to coordinate future operations with the Royal Navy. He held his own views regarding the evacuation at Dunkirk or by Operation Catapult.Second chief in command of general headquarter staff of maritime forces (French: Sous-chef d'état-major des forces maritimes) in October 1939, he assumed with Admirals François Darlan, Maurice Le Luc and Négadelle, the reception of various inbound convoys.At Vichy, the counter-admiral Auphan was part of the tenant groups which harbored a political view of attentisme (the act of waiting and refraining until situations become more clear and precise). Designated as chief of the headquarter staff of maritime forces (French: chef d'état-major des forces maritimes) on August 1941, he maintained contact with the American diplomatic representation to Vichy by transmitting various couriers. State Secretary of the Navy (French: Secrétaire d'État à la Marine) as of April 1942, he opposed the demanding German requirements related to materials of merchant tonnage, showing off, with French Army general Maxime Weygand, assuming staunching positions of opposition to the politics of collaboration at the corps of the government. Partisan of a suspension of combats between French and Americans during the Anglo-American disembarking of November 8, 1942 in North Africa, he opposed those who wanted to continue to mount combats along the Germans.On November 11, 1942, chef d'état major, counter-admiral Auphan ordered the two admirals of Toulon to:This last solution which was applied, on the night of November 26 and 27, 1942, when admirals André Marquis (French: André Marquis), maritime prefect and Jean de Laborde (French: Jean de Laborde), commanding forces of the high-seas, heard that the Germans were moving forward to attempt to make way with the fleet (French: tenter un coup de main sur la flotte).After having incited without success Philippe Pétain to leave the metropolis, he tendered his resignation on November 18, 1942.He was tasked with, on August 11, 1944, by marshal Pétain, towards a political step near by général de Gaulle (French: Charles de Gaulle). He was not received and was accordingly arrested.On August 14, 1946, he was judged and condemned in absentia to forced labor, degradation national for life, and confiscation of his properties. On July 19 and 20, 1955, a second hearing, condemned him only for five years in prison with probationary measure and five years of degradation national. In 1956, the State Council gave him back his rank and rights for pension.The Counter-admiral Auphan dedicated his life later to writings: a close figure to général Maxime Weygand (French: Weygand) or colonel Remy (French: colonel Remy), he published his souvenirs, and defended his views, remaining loyal to the memories of Marshal Philippe Pétain. The Counter-admiral Auphan was a member of the Association of Catholic writers until his death, in 1982.

Patrick_Nulty
Patrick Nulty (born 18 November 1982) is a teacher, university lecturer and former Irish Labour Party politician. He was elected as a Teachta Dála (TD) for Dublin West at a by-election in October 2011.[1] He sat as an independent TD after losing the Labour Party whip on 6 December 2011.[2] He resigned as a TD on 24 March 2014 after sending several sexually inappropriate messages to domestic abuse victims in his constituency and a 17 year old girl.[3][4]Nulty was born and raised in Corduff near Dublin.[5] When two weeks old, he was injured in a house fire, leaving him with burn scars on his face and arms.[6] He attended Riversdale Community College and has a degree in social policy from Trinity College, Dublin and a Masters in Social Science from University College Dublin.[5] He worked as a social policy advisor for a homeless charity for five years.[5] He is also a former National Chairperson of Labour Youth and was a prominent activist of the Students' Union in Trinity.A leading member of Labour Youth's re-foundation in the early 2000s, Nulty served in Labour Youth as the National Chairman, Communications Officer and Gender Equality Officer. Nulty led a campaign while in Trinity Labour Youth against the sexual harassment of female students on campus.[7]Throughout Nulty's career in the Labour Party, he had been a vocal supporter of Labour Youth and was regular speakers at the annual Labour Youth Tom Johnson Summer School.Nulty was elected to Fingal County Council for Labour at the 2009 local elections in the Mulhuddart local electoral area.[8]He was Labour's unsuccessful second candidate for Dublin West at the 2011 general election, where running-mate Joan Burton topped the poll,[8][9] but was elected as a Teachta Dála (TD) for Dublin West at a by-election in October 2011. It was the first time since 1982 that a government party candidate had won a by-election.[10][11]He was on the Labour Party's left wing, and opposed both the Lisbon Treaty[12] and Labour's coalition deal with Fine Gael after the election.[9] He also rejected the idea of a transfer pact with the Fine Gael candidate despite the parties' coalition.[13] While in opposition he called on his former colleagues to legislate for the X case as had been promised by Labour for many years.[14] Nulty voted against the VAT increase in the 2012 budget and lost the Labour Party whip as a result.[15]He was described as a "Labour rebel candidate" by the Irish Independent,[9] while The Irish Times quoted the label "anti-government Government candidate" discussing his opposition to cuts in services at Blanchardstown Hospital.[16]On 21 June 2013, he resigned from the Labour Party.[17]He resigned from the Dáil on 24 March 2014 as a result of having sent inappropriate Facebook messages to a 17-year-old female, and to two other adult women.[18] At first he denied that he was the sender of the messages, and claimed that his phone had been hacked, but subsequently admitted his behaviour when confronted with evidence that the messages had been sent from Leinster House.[19][20] Nulty apologised for his behaviour and said the "message was sent while under the influence of alcohol".[3] In September 2015 he was awarded a teaching scholarship by the University of Limerick to undertake a PhD in Politics and Public Administration. He now works full time for that university as a researcher and tutor.

Hans_Arne_Jensen
Hans Arne Jensen is a Danish botanist, agronomist, and writer.Jensen earned a PhD at Agricultural University in Copenhagen, and then worked for 40 years for the Ministry of Agriculture, Plant Directorate, at the Danish state seed testing station. His researches in paleobotany include publications on organic macrofossils, on the germination of ancient seeds, and archaeological investigations into seeds and crops in Viking-era Danish towns.[1]

Brian_Satterfield
Brian Satterfield is a former running back in the National Football League.Brian Sydney Satterfield was born on December 22, 1969, in Georgia.[1]Satterfield spent two seasons with the Green Bay Packers.[2]

Don_Morrison
Donald Morrison may refer to:

Joseph_L._Walcott
Joseph L. Walcott was the first African American to own a nightclub in New England.A Barbadian who immigrated to America in 1910, he joined his brother in Boston. "Wally" worked at many jobs including running a taxi service where one of his customers was Boston mayor James Michael Curley. Mayor Curley helped Walcott to get a liquor license and in 1947 he used his savings to start Wally's Paradise at 428 Massachusetts Avenue in the South End of Boston, Massachusetts.[1]Wally brought many new musical acts to Boston, including Sarah Vaughn, Lena Horne, Coleman Hawkins, Oscar Peterson and Red Garland [2] were just some of the legendary performers who played at Walcott's nightclub.After Wally's death in 1998 at age 101, his three children took over the bar, and today Wally's Cafe is still owned and managed by his family: Walcott's daughter, Elynor, and his three grandsons, Paul, Frank, and Lloyd Poindexter. It is the oldest jazz club in the United States to be maintained and held by one family.

Ali_Messaoud
Ali Messaoud (born 13 April 1991) is a Dutch-born Moroccan footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Excelsior in the Dutch Eredivisie.Born in the Netherlands to Moroccan parents, Messaoud debuted for the Morocco national under-23 football team in a friendly 1-2 loss to the Ivory Coast U23s in 17 November 2010.[1]Willem IIVaduz

Rihaan_Patel
Rihaan Ramanlal Patel (born 6 December 1988) is an Indian filmmaker – a freelance film director, screenwriter, editor, and visual effects consultant. He began film making when he was 20 years old.[1][2][3]Patel started his film career in Melbourne. His first film was a one-minute short film of his own life. In C31, he worked as an actor as well as production assistant, following which he was invited to attend the workshop of Samuel Johnson and Sarah Hallam in Australia.Returning to India, Patel completed training at the Shiamak Davar Institute for Performing Arts, after which Davar selected him for his special 'potential' batch. Patel has performed in theatre in more than 20 stage shows, as well as TV serials and short films.Patel has had several award-winning milestones in form of his various short films that include Dust of Orphan (2009),[1] The Burial of Daughters (2009),[4] Life Colors Purity (2011),[5] My Best Friend (2011),[6] Champal (2011)[7] and Fading Yellow (2011).[8][9]In 2009, he made a short film titled The Burial of Daughters,[10] for which he won the 'Best Film Non Fiction' award at Sixteen:Nine International film Festival organised by Usha Pravin Gandhi College of Management, Mumbai.[6] The film also received 'Official Selection' at the 7th EDICICORTO International Film Festival Forli in Italy,[4][11] and in 2010 it received 2nd prize at 3rd Global Film Festival Noida, organised by Asian Academy of Film & Television. It was also nominated and screened at 3rd International Documentary and Short Film Festival of Kerala (Department of Cultural Affairs, Government of Kerala), organised by International Film Festival of Kerala and Kerala State Chalachitra Academy.His first short film titled Dust of Orphan won WNET REEL 13 Audience Award[1] and was screened in New York City on TV Thirteen.[12] The Maya Academy of Advanced Cinematics film institute awarded him a 50% scholarship to study for his advanced degree in the 3D Expert Program.He worked in The Climate Change Project – India Chapter. Rihaan worked as content analyser and film-editing. The film went on to receive an award from former US Vice-President Al Gore.

Addin_Tyldesley
Addin Tyldesley (1878 – 9 May 1962), a member of Tyldesley Swimming and Water Polo Club, was a British swimmer. He competed in the men's 100 metre freestyle event at the 1908 Summer Olympics.[1]

Adam_Beard
Adam Beard (born 7 January 1996) is a Welsh rugby union player who plays for the Ospreys in the second row. He is a Wales under-20 international.Beard made his debut for the Ospreys in 2012 having previously played for their academy team, Aberavon RFC and Morriston RFC.In May 2017 he was named in the Wales senior squad for the tests against Tonga and Samoa in June 2017[1]

Samuel_Abbott_Ferrin
Samuel Abbott Ferrin (January 19, 1831 – March 29, 1875) was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly.Ferrin was born on January 19, 1831 in what is now Saint-Thomas, Quebec. He graduated from Rush Medical College.[1] During the American Civil War, Ferrin originally enlisted with the 32nd Wisconsin Volunteer Infantry Regiment of the Union Army. He later became a surgeon in Wingville, Wisconsin[2] and was commissioned First Assistant Surgeon of the 44th Wisconsin Volunteer Infantry Regiment.Ferrin was a member of the Assembly during the 1872 session.[3] He was a Republican.

James_P._Kranz_Jr.
James P. Kranz Jr. was an American lawyer and director of the Pioneer Fund (1948).Kranz graduated from University of the South, then earned his law degree at Harvard Law School. Like other Pioneer Fund director John Marshall Harlan II, Kranz practiced at Root, Clark, Buckner, Howland and Ballantine.

Bob_Padilla
Robert Padilla Jr. (February 11, 1936 – October 15, 2007)[1][2] was an American college football player and coach. He served as the head coach at California State University, Fresno from 1978 to 1979, compiling a record of seven wins and fifteen losses.Assistants under Bob Padilla who became NCAA or NFL head coaches:

Carlos_Freile_Larrea
Carlos Freile Larrea (1876 – 23 April 1942[1]) was acting President of Ecuador from 27 August 1932 to 2 September 1932.

Ed_Gein
Edward Theodore Gein (/ɡiːn/; August 27, 1906[5] – July 26, 1984), also known as The Butcher of Plainfield, was an American murderer and body snatcher. His crimes, committed around his hometown of Plainfield, Wisconsin, gathered widespread notoriety after authorities discovered that Gein had exhumed corpses from local graveyards and fashioned trophies and keepsakes from their bones and skin. Gein confessed to killing two women – tavern owner Mary Hogan in 1954, and a Plainfield hardware store owner, Bernice Worden, in 1957. Gein was initially found unfit to stand trial and confined to a mental health facility. In 1968, Gein was found guilty but legally insane of the murder of Worden,[6] and was remanded to a psychiatric institution. He died at Mendota Mental Health Institute of cancer-induced liver and respiratory failure at age 77 on July 26, 1984. He is buried next to his family in the Plainfield Cemetery, in a now-unmarked grave.Ed Gein was born in La Crosse County, Wisconsin, on August 27, 1906,[5] the second of two boys of George Philip Gein (1873–1940[7]) and Augusta Wilhelmine (née Lehrke) Gein (1878–1945).[8] Gein had an older brother, Henry George Gein (1901–1944).[9] Augusta despised her husband, an alcoholic who was unable to keep a job; he had worked at various times as a carpenter, tanner, and insurance salesman. George owned a local grocery shop for a few years, but sold the business, and the family left the city to live in isolation on a 155-acre farm in the town of Plainfield in Waushara County, Wisconsin,[10] which became the Gein family's permanent residence.[11]Augusta took advantage of the farm's isolation by turning away outsiders who could have influenced her sons.[11] Edward left the farm only to attend school. Outside of school, he spent most of his time doing chores on the farm. Augusta was fervently religious, and nominally Lutheran. She preached to her boys about the innate immorality of the world, the evil of drinking, and her belief that all women (except herself) were naturally prostitutes and instruments of the devil. She reserved time every afternoon to read to them from the Bible, usually selecting graphic verses from the Old Testament concerning death, murder, and divine retribution.[12]Edward was shy, and classmates and teachers remembered him as having strange mannerisms, such as seemingly random laughter, as if he were laughing at his own personal jokes. To make matters worse, his mother punished him whenever he tried to make friends. Despite his poor social development, he did fairly well in school, particularly in reading.[11]On April 1, 1940, Ed's father George died of heart failure caused by his alcoholism; he was 66 years old. Henry and Ed began doing odd jobs around town to help cover living expenses. The brothers were generally considered reliable and honest by residents of the community. While both worked as handymen, Ed also frequently babysat for neighbors. He enjoyed babysitting, seeming to relate more easily to children than adults. Henry began dating a divorced, single mother of two and planned on moving in with her; Henry worried about his brother's attachment to their mother and often spoke ill of her around Ed, who responded with shock and hurt.[11]On May 16, 1944, Henry and Ed were burning away marsh vegetation on the property;[13] the fire got out of control, drawing the attention of the local fire department. By the end of the day – the fire having been extinguished and the firefighters gone – Ed reported his brother missing. With lanterns and flashlights, a search party searched for Henry, whose dead body was found lying face down.[14] Apparently, he had been dead for some time, and it appeared that the cause of death was heart failure, since he had not been burned or injured otherwise.[14] It was later reported, in Harold Schechter's biography of Gein, Deviant, that Henry had bruises on his head.[15][16][17] The police dismissed the possibility of foul play and the county coroner later officially listed asphyxiation as the cause of death.[11][16][17] The authorities accepted the accident theory, but no official investigation was conducted and an autopsy was not performed.[18] Some suspected that Ed Gein killed his brother. Questioning Gein about the death of Bernice Worden in 1957, state investigator Joe Wilimovsky brought up questions about Henry's death.[13] George W. Arndt, who studied the case, wrote that, in retrospect, it was "possible and likely" that Henry's death was "the "Cain and Abel" aspect of this case".[19][20]Gein and his mother were now alone. Augusta had a paralyzing stroke shortly after Henry's death, and Gein devoted himself to taking care of her. Sometime in 1945, Gein later recounted, he and his mother visited a man named Smith, who lived nearby, to purchase straw. According to Gein, Augusta witnessed Smith beating a dog. A woman inside the Smith home came outside and yelled for him to stop but Smith beat the dog to death. Augusta was extremely upset by this scene; however, what bothered her did not appear to be the brutality toward the dog but rather the presence of the woman. Augusta told Ed that the woman was not married to Smith so had no business being there. "Smith's harlot", Augusta angrily called her. She had a second stroke soon after, and her health deteriorated rapidly.[21] She died on December 29, 1945, at the age of 67. Ed was devastated by her death; in the words of author Harold Schechter, he had "lost his only friend and one true love. And he was absolutely alone in the world."[16][17]Gein held on to the farm and earned money from odd jobs. He boarded up rooms used by his mother, including the upstairs, downstairs parlor, and living room, leaving them untouched; while the rest of the house became increasingly squalid, these rooms remained pristine. Gein lived thereafter in a small room next to the kitchen. Around this time, he became interested in reading pulp magazines and adventure stories, particularly those involving cannibals or Nazi atrocities.[11]Gein was a handyman and received a farm subsidy from the federal government starting in 1951. He occasionally worked for the local municipal road crew and crop-threshing crews in the area. Sometime between 1946 and 1956, he also sold an 80-acre parcel of land that his brother Henry had owned.[22]On the morning of November 16, 1957, Plainfield hardware store owner Bernice Worden disappeared. A Plainfield resident reported that the hardware store's truck had been driven out from the rear of the building around 9:30 am. The hardware store was closed the entire day; some area residents believed this was because of deer hunting season. Bernice Worden's son, Deputy Sheriff Frank Worden, entered the store around 5:00 pm to find the store's cash register open and blood stains on the floor.[23] Frank Worden told investigators that Ed Gein had been in the store the evening before his mother's disappearance, and that he would return the next morning for a gallon of antifreeze. A sales slip for a gallon of antifreeze was the last receipt written by Worden on the morning she disappeared.[24] On the evening of the same day, Gein was arrested at a West Plainfield[a] grocery store,[25] and the Waushara County Sheriff's Department searched the Gein farm.[23] A Waushara County Sheriff's deputy[23] discovered Worden's decapitated body in a shed on Gein's property, hung upside down by her legs with a crossbar at her ankles and ropes at her wrists. The torso was "dressed out like a deer".[26] She had been shot with a .22-caliber rifle, and the mutilations were made after her death.[27]Searching the house, authorities found:[28]These artifacts were photographed at the state crime laboratory and then destroyed.[40]When questioned, Gein told investigators that between 1947 and 1952,[41] he made as many as 40 nocturnal visits to three local graveyards to exhume recently buried bodies while he was in a "daze-like" state. On about 30 of those visits, he said he came out of the daze while in the cemetery, left the grave in good order, and returned home empty-handed.[42] On the other occasions, he dug up the graves of recently buried middle-aged women he thought resembled his mother[43][44] and took the bodies home, where he tanned their skins to make his paraphernalia.[45]Gein admitted to stealing from nine graves from local cemeteries [46][47] and led investigators to their locations. Allan Wilimovsky of the state crime laboratory participated in opening three test graves identified by Gein. The caskets were inside wooden boxes; the top boards ran crossways (not lengthwise). The tops of the boxes were about 2 feet (60 cm) below the surface in sandy soil. Gein had robbed the graves soon after the funerals while the graves were not completed. The test graves were exhumed because authorities were uncertain as to whether the slight Gein was capable of single-handedly digging up a grave during a single evening; they were found as Gein described: two of the exhumed graves were found empty (one had a crowbar in place of the body). One casket was empty; one casket Gein had failed to open when he lost his pry bar; and most of the body was gone from the third grave, but Gein had returned rings and some body parts.[40][48][49] thus apparently corroborating Gein's confession.[50][51][52][46]Soon after his mother's death, Gein began to create a "woman suit" so that "...he could become his mother—to literally crawl into her skin".[28] Gein denied having sex with the bodies he exhumed, explaining: "They smelled too bad."[53] During state crime laboratory interrogation, Gein also admitted to the shooting death of Mary Hogan, a tavern owner missing since 1954 whose head was found in his house, but he later denied memory of details of her death.[54]A 16-year-old youth, whose parents were friends of Gein and who attended ball games and movies with him, reported that Gein kept shrunken heads in his house, which Gein had described as relics from the Philippines, sent by a cousin who had served on the islands during World War II.[55] Upon investigation by the police, these were determined to be human facial skins, carefully peeled from corpses and used by Gein as masks.[56]Gein was also considered a suspect in several other unsolved cases in Wisconsin, including the 1953 disappearance of Evelyn Hartley, a La Crosse babysitter.[57][1][58][59]During questioning, Waushara County sheriff Art Schley reportedly assaulted Gein by banging his head and face into a brick wall. As a result, Gein's initial confession was ruled inadmissible.[16][17][60][61][62][63] Schley died of heart failure at age 43 in 1968, before Gein's trial.[63] Many who knew Schley said he was traumatized by the horror of Gein's crimes, and this, along with the fear of having to testify (especially about assaulting Gein), caused his death. One of his friends said: "He was a victim of Ed Gein as surely as if he had butchered him."[16][17]On November 21, 1957, Gein was arraigned on one count of first degree murder in Waushara County Court, where he pleaded not guilty by reason of insanity.[64] Gein was diagnosed with schizophrenia and found mentally incompetent, thus unfit for trial. He was sent to the Central State Hospital for the Criminally Insane (now the Dodge Correctional Institution), a maximum-security facility in Waupun, Wisconsin, and later transferred to the Mendota State Hospital in Madison, Wisconsin.[65]In 1968, doctors determined Gein was "mentally able to confer with counsel and participate in his defense".[66] The trial began on November 7, 1968,[67][68][69][70][71] and lasted one week. A psychiatrist testified that Gein had told him that he did not know whether the killing of Bernice Worden was intentional or accidental. Gein had told him that while he examined a gun in Worden's store, the gun went off, killing Worden.[72] Gein testified that after trying to load a bullet into the rifle, it discharged. He said he had not aimed the rifle at Worden, and did not remember anything else that happened that morning.[73]At the request of the defense, Gein's trial was held without a jury,[71] with Judge Robert H. Gollmar presiding. Gein was found guilty by Gollmar on November 14.[6] A second trial dealt with Gein's sanity;[6] after testimony by doctors for the prosecution and defense, Gollmar ruled Gein "not guilty by reason of insanity" and ordered him committed to Central State Hospital for the Criminally Insane.[74] Gein spent the rest of his life in a mental hospital.[6][75] Judge Gollmar wrote, "Due to prohibitive costs, Gein was tried for only one murder—that of Mrs. Worden. He also admitted to killing Mary Hogan."[76]Ed Gein's house and 195 acre property were appraised at $4,700 (equivalent to $41,000 in 2018).[77] His possessions were scheduled to be auctioned March 30, 1958, amidst rumors that the house and the land it stood on might become a tourist attraction. Early on the morning of March 20, the house was destroyed by fire. A deputy fire marshal reported that a rubbish fire had been set 75 feet from the house by a cleaning crew tasked with disposing of trash; further, that hot coals were recovered from the spot of the bonfire, and fire from the bonfire's location did not travel along the ground to the house.[77] Arson was suspected, but the cause of the fire was never officially determined.[78] When Gein learned of the incident while in detention, he shrugged and said, "Just as well."[79]Gein's 1949 Ford sedan, which he used to haul the bodies of his victims, was sold at public auction for $760 (equivalent to $6,600 in 2018) to carnival sideshow operator Bunny Gibbons.[80] Gibbons charged carnival goers 25¢ admission to see it.[81]Gein died at the Mendota Mental Health Institute due to respiratory failure secondary to lung cancer on July 26, 1984, at the age of 77.[16][17] Over the years, souvenir seekers chipped pieces from his gravestone at the Plainfield Cemetery, until the stone itself was stolen in 2000. It was recovered in June 2001, near Seattle, and was placed in storage at the Waushara County Sheriff's Department. The gravesite itself is now unmarked, but not unknown; Gein is interred between his parents and brother in the cemetery.[82]The story of Ed Gein has had a lasting effect on American popular culture as evidenced by its numerous appearances in film, music, and literature. The tale first came to widespread public attention in the fictionalized version presented by Robert Bloch in his 1959 suspense novel Psycho. In addition to Alfred Hitchcock's 1960 film of Bloch's novel, Psycho,[83] Gein's story was loosely adapted into a number of films, including Deranged (1974),[83] In the Light of the Moon (2000) (released in the United States and Australia as Ed Gein (2001)), Ed Gein: The Butcher of Plainfield (2007), and the Rob Zombie films House of 1000 Corpses and its sequel, The Devil's Rejects. Gein served as the inspiration for myriad fictional serial killers across different mediums, most notably the likes of Norman Bates (Psycho), Leatherface (The Texas Chain Saw Massacre),[83] Buffalo Bill (The Silence of the Lambs)[83] and the character Dr. Oliver Thredson from the TV series American Horror Story: Asylum.[84]American filmmaker Errol Morris and German filmmaker Werner Herzog attempted unsuccessfully to collaborate on a film project about Gein from 1975 to 1976. Morris interviewed Gein several times and ended up spending almost a year in Plainfield interviewing dozens of locals. The pair planned secretly to exhume Gein's mother from her grave to test a theory but never followed through on the scheme and eventually ended their collaboration. The aborted project was described in a 1989 New Yorker profile of Morris.[85]In 2012 German director Jörg Buttgereit wrote and directed a stageplay about the case of Ed Gein called "Kannibale und Liebe" at Theater Dortmund in Germany. The part of Gein was played by actor Uwe Rohbeck.[86]At the time, the news reports of Gein's crimes spawned a subgenre of "black humor".[87] Since the 1950s, Gein has frequently been exploited by transgressive art or "shock rock", often without association with his life or crimes beyond the shock value of his name. Examples of this include the song titled "Dead Skin Mask" (1990) from the Slayer album Seasons in the Abyss, "Nothing to Gein" (2001) from Mudvayne's album L.D. 50, and "Ed Gein" (1992) from The Ziggens' album Rusty Never Sleeps.[88] There was a band named Ed Gein.

Auguste_Barth
Auguste Barth (born in Strasbourg 22 May 1834; died in Paris 15 April 1916) was a French orientalist.He is best known by his work in connection with the religions of India. His volume, Les religions de l'Inde (Paris, 1879), was translated into English (London, 1882). Mention may also be made of his Inscriptions sanscrites du Cambodge (Sanskrit inscriptions of Cambodia; Paris, 1885) and of numerous monographs and reviews in Journal Asiatique, in Mélusine, and in the Mémoires de la Société de Linguistique. His annual reports on researches into the history of Indian religions, in Revue de l'Histoire des Religions (1880) are especially valuable. He was a member of the French Institute.Barth became a foreign member of the Royal Netherlands Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1896.[1]

Gregory_Loselle
Gregory Loselle (born 1963) is an American poet, dramatist, teacher, and writer of short fiction.Winner of the Ruby Lloyd Apsey Award for Playwriting in 1988, for "New York Times,"[1] and author of a short play published by The Dramatic Publishing Company in 1981,[2] his fiction has been published in the Georgetown Review[3] and The Saturday Evening Post (his short story, "Lazarus," which won The Lorian Hemingway Short Fiction Competition in 2009[4]), while his poetry has appeared in literary journals such as Alehouse,[5] Oberon, The Comstock Review, Inkwell, Sow's Ear, The Pannus Index, The Pinch and Rattle[6] and has won several competitions and awards, including The Rita Dove Poetry Prize in the Salem College International Writing Awards[7] and the Robert Frost Foundation's Robert Frost Award for Poetry in 2009.[8] He won four Hopwood Awards for Creative Writing, and the Academy of American Poets Prize, at the University of Michigan, where he earned an MFA in Creative Writing.[9]Loselle is the author of two short collections of poetry, "Phantom Limb" and "Our Parents Dancing", published by Puddinghouse Press.[10] Both have been made available through Google Books.[11] Two others, "The Whole of Him Collected" (2012) and "About the House" (2013), have been published by Finishing Line Press.He teaches Advanced Placement English (and various other courses) at Gabriel Richard Catholic High School in Riverview, Michigan (US).[12]

William_Krell
William Henry Krell (1868–1933) composed what is regarded as the first rag or ragtime composition in 1897 called Mississippi Rag, published in New York by S. Brainard's Sons and copyrighted on January 27, 1897. The sheet music stated that it was the first rag-time two step ever written and was first played by Krell's Orchestra in Chicago although the structure is in the form of a patrol march. The cover shows a group of all ages dancing to a banjo player before onlookers sitting on a pile of stacked cotton bales on a dock on the Mississippi River. Krell also composed the rag Shake Yo' Dusters! or Piccaninny Rag in 1898. The popularity of "Mississippi Rag" resulted in the emergence of the genre known as ragtime.William Henry Krell was a Chicago bandleader and composer whose other compositions included:Mississippi Rag has been recorded by Claude Bolling in 1966, the Firehouse Five Plus Two, Steve Pistorius, Turk Murphy, Paragon Ragtime Orchestra on "More Candy", Richard Zimmerman, Squeek Steele on "Ragtime Volume One", Harmonic Brass Munich on "There's a Man", Knuckles O'Toole on "Knuckles O'Toole: Plays The Greatest All-Time Ragtime Hits", Terry Waldo on "Ragtime Classics Vol. 1", Evergreen Ragtime Trio on "It's a Rouser", Trebor Jay Tichenor on "Ragtime Reunion", the Eastern Brass Quintet, the Avatar Brass Quintet on "Magnetic Rags: Ragtime for Brass", The Black Swan Classic Jazz Band, Lew Green and Jeff Barnhart on Arbors Records...Lew Green & Joe Muranyi:Together.Since being rediscovered during the first ragtime revival during the 1950s, "Mississippi Rag" has traditionally been regarded as the first ragtime instrumental published. Some musicians, for example Bill Edwards[1] prefer to classify the piece as a cakewalk, that is of a slightly earlier precursor style from which ragtime developed. To support this, Edwards points to the paucity of true syncopation in the written score. On the other hand,like many cakewalk pieces, "Mississippi Rag" readily lends itself to syncopated embellishment by the performer, as Edwards' own rendition of the piece demonstrates.[2]

Claude_Dansey
Lieutenant Colonel Sir Claude Edward Marjoribanks[1] Dansey, KCMG (10 September 1876 – 11 June 1947), also known as Colonel Z, Haywood, Uncle Claude, and codenamed Z, was the assistant chief of the Secret Intelligence Service known as ACSS, of the British intelligence agency commonly known as MI6, and a member of the London Controlling Section. He began his career in intelligence in 1900, and remained active until his death.Dansey was born in 1876 at 14 Cromwell Place into a dysfunctional family of nine children, their mother, Hon Eleanor Dansey, daughter of Robert, 2nd Baron Gifford, who was probably an alcoholic. The siblings were subjected to military discipline at the hands of their soldier father (Edward Mashiter Dansey), with punishments that included beatings even for minor misbehaviour. At the age of 17 he became sexually involved with Robert Baldwin Ross, Lord Alfred Douglas and Oscar Wilde, narrowly avoiding exposure and imprisonment.[2] Educated at Wellington College, he joined the British Army at the age of 20, serving in North Borneo and later in South Africa during the Second Boer War, because his father would not have allowed him any other vocation.On 13 June 1898 he joined the militia as second lieutenant in the 5th and 6th battalions Lancashire Fusiliers,[3] being promoted to lieutenant on 9 November.[4] On 16 August 1899 he was seconded for service with the British North Borneo Company.[5] He transferred to the regular army when he was appointed a second lieutenant of the 2nd battalion on 24 February 1900,[6] followed by promotion to lieutenant on 15 August 1900.[7] On 1 March 1902 he was again seconded,[8] as a Staff Lieutenant for Intelligence in South Africa,[9] then on 24 June he was appointed aide-de-camp to the Brigadier-General commanding the Harrismith District, Charles James Blomfield.[10] He was transferred from a supernumerary lieutenancy onto the establishment of his regiment on 17 September 1902.[11] On 4 November 1904 he was seconded for "special extra-regimental employment"[12] and on 24 October 1906 he resigned his commission.[13] On 10 April 1907 he was promoted to captain on the Reserve of Officers.[14]He was recruited by MI5 and put in charge of "port intelligence" and the surveillance of civilian passengers during World War I. He was "inadvertently" responsible for allowing Leon Trotsky to return to Russia in 1917.[15] Later, he joined M05 (forerunner to MI6). His talents were developed there; "on at least two occasions, assets he developed within the Irish nationalist movement were able to warn British Intelligence about plans to dynamite Buckingham Palace." Many of his sources included American industrialists, who would eventually make up much of his extensive contact list. He worked in Switzerland and the Balkans until 1919. After the war he went into business, but remained a part-time agent. After losing his money in the Wall Street Crash, Dansey worked as a full-time agent for MI6 in Italy to keep tabs on Mussolini's Fascist movement, but was unimpressed with the service, which he believed to be incompetent.While assigned as chief of station in Rome, Dansey noted several major weaknesses in MI6:With this in mind, Dansey relied heavily on his British and American business contacts. Dansey felt that business people were more effective at intelligence gathering than the MI6 officers of the day, as the former were required to be focused on the financial bottom line, ignore the petty prejudices and the favour-seeking that plagued the intelligence services at the time, travel widely at their own expense and have connections all over the world.Ultimately, Dansey was convinced what he saw was a disaster waiting to happen and so he set up a parallel MI6 structure, a hidden shadow network that could take over when the inevitable happened. By 1936, Dansey's Z Organization (after his own codename, Z) had over 200 executives, most of whom were motivated for the thrill of espionage. They were not allowed to take extreme risks, write anything down, take pictures or carry spy equipment. Alexander Korda used his company, London Films, as an excuse to visit sensitive areas while "searching for film locations". The businessmen and journalists used their own credentials as cover.Meanwhile, Dansey was promoted to head the covert intelligence operations desk from its London headquarters. Then, World War II broke out, and the intelligence disaster that Dansey had predicted came to fruition.The Hague was the major shipment point for MI6 operations at the time, gathering information from all over Europe and sending it to London. However, the station in the Hague was headed by two retired military officers: Sigismund Payne Best and Major Richard Stevens, who had little intelligence experience. Their operation had been penetrated by a Dutch recruit, who was a double agent for the German SD and knew the identities of all Best's and Stevens's agents and assets.When SD officer Walter Schellenberg posed as a dissident German military officer, Best and Stevens took the bait and were captured at Venlo in September 1939, and the whole MI6 apparatus in the Netherlands was destroyed.Immediately, Dansey switched on his Z Organization, saving MI6. Within weeks, his Z Organization was providing more and better intelligence than the old structure. "Although the Soviets were unaware, Dansey's operation often provided the difference between victory and defeat on the Eastern Front." All of that won him only grudging respect even though he was promoted as deputy to the new head of the agency, Stewart Menzies, as Dansey was spiteful, vindictive and short-tempered and hated anyone with a university degree. Everyone grew to hate him.As the Nazi defeat became inevitable, Dansey appeared to have outlived his usefulness. In 1944, he was assigned to a meaningless post without much to do and pressured him to resign. He left without a word of thanks or any pension.Dansey died in June 1947 of heart disease; a few old friends from the Z Organization attended his funeral. Prior to his death, Dansey had been "bothered by a strange incident". Someone had painted a huge "Z" on his front door one morning, and even though only a few people knew his codename, he was never able to figure out who it was. "It was", according to Anthony Read and David Fisher, "one of the few mysteries he could not solve."

Robin_Cole
Robin Cole, a former professional American football player, was born September 11, 1955, in Compton, California. He was the seventh of ten children born to Obediah and Georgia Mae Cole. He attended high school at Compton High, graduating in 1973. He furthered his education at the University of New Mexico where he became an All American and the first person to be a first round draft pick out of the University. He was drafted by the Pittsburgh Steelers, the 21st pick in the first round of the draft. At Pittsburgh, he was a part of the Steel Curtain defense, replacing Andy Russell as right outside linebacker. He played linebacker and defensive end for twelve seasons for the Pittsburgh Steelers. He played in two Super Bowls - Super Bowl XIII and Super Bowl XIV. Mr. Cole was in the starting lineup in Super Bowl XIV in 1980 and was elected to the Pro Bowl in 1984. He was runner up for MVP in Super Bowl XIV. He played one season, 1988, with the New York Jets.Mr. Cole's presentations focus on issues important to corporate groups, business sales teams, sports teams, churches, schools and prisons. He has been a keynote speaker and emcee for many events. Mr. Cole is an entrepreneur and trained at the Ford Motor Institute to be a dealer. In addition, he has served on several charitable boards, including the American Heart Association, The March of Dimes, Big Brothers/Big Sisters and others. He is a lifetime member of the NAACP.Cole is the co-founder and president of the Robin Cole Foundation. He lives in western Pennsylvania with his wife, Judith, and their daughter, Mya.

Pierre_Charras
Pierre Charras (19 March 1945 - 19 January 2014) was a French writer, actor and translator from English to French. He published several novels including Monsieur Henri, Prix des Deux Magots (1995), Juste avant la nuit (1998), Comédien (2000) and Dix-neuf secondes, prix du roman FNAC 2003.He is buried at the Père Lachaise cemetery (53rd division).AdaptationAux éditions du Mercure de France :Other publishers :

Don_Jardine
Donald Delbert Jardine[2] (24 March 1940 – 16 December 2006) was a Canadian professional wrestler best known for his masked gimmick as The Spoiler. While a major star in various wrestling promotions, Jardine saw his greatest successes in the National Wrestling Alliance affiliated territories of Championship Wrestling from Florida, Georgia Championship Wrestling and Big Time Wrestling, which would eventually become known as World Class Championship Wrestling, from the early 1960s through the mid 1980s.Jardine began wrestling in the mid-1950s, making his debut in 1955 at the age of 15. He made his Maple Leaf Gardens debut in 1959 as "Babyface" Don Jardine, a protégé of Whipper Billy Watson and wrestled primarily in Toronto until 1961 and returned briefly in 1964. In 1964, Jardine wrestled NWA World Heavyweight Champion Lou Thesz on TV in St. Louis, but did not win the title.Jardine also wrestled as The Butcher in Los Angeles in 1964. Whilst wrestling under "The Butcher" moniker, he teamed with both Mad Dog Vachon and Dutch Savage for a short time. He challenged Gene Kiniski for the NWA World Heavyweight Championship in 1966. He became one of the top masked wrestlers in the Southern United States, particularly in Texas, where The Spoiler was created by Fritz Von Erich in 1967.[1] He famously walked the top rope, a move he would teach to Mark Calaway (the future The Undertaker) in the mid-1980s while competing in the World Class Championship Wrestling.[3]He was unmasked in Texas in 1972 by Billy Red Lyons and Red Bastein and identified as Don Jardine, still, he continued to wrestle under the mask as "The Spoiler" in Texas and Oklahoma. The Spoiler also wrestled in All Japan Pro Wrestling and New Japan Pro Wrestling during the 1960s and 1970s. He became the Super Destroyer and was brought into the Carolinas by George Scott in 1973 and also used the "Super Destroyer" name during his stint in the AWA (1977–78). Jardine was one of the key workers, along with Johnny Valentine, who turned the Mid-Atlantic territory around and established hot singles wrestling programs in what had traditionally been a tag team territory. Jardine challenged Jack Brisco for the NWA World Heavyweight Championship as both the Super Destroyer and The Spoiler, and wrestled Harley Race for the NWA Heavyweight title in a main event in Houston, Texas in 1979. He held the Georgia-based NWA National Heavyweight Championship and was briefly billed as NWA National Heavyweight Champion by the World Wrestling Federation after it bought out Georgia Championship Wrestling in July 1984.[4]The Spoiler, along with Jake "The Snake" Roberts and the 400-pound King Kong Bundy, joined forces with a newly emerging tag team, The Road Warriors, to form the original Legion of Doom.[3]The Spoiler once headlined against WWF Champion Pedro Morales in Madison Square Garden, wrestling maskless because, at that time, the arena had a rule barring masked wrestlers from performing.[5] The Spoiler appeared in a historic match against Mil Mascaras, the Mexican legend, marking the first time a wrestler (Mascaras) ever wore a mask into a ring in New York State.The Spoiler's matches against Chief Jay Strongbow and Sonny King were long-lasting feuds that enjoyed successful runs across the WWF circuit. His "Iron Claw" was the first maneuver to be censored from the TV screen by the WWF promotion in a 'reverse psych' move to sell tickets.Jardine promoted some shows in Tampa, Florida in 1993-94 and then retired from wrestling. He spent the later years of his life in Wetaskiwin, Alberta, Canada with his wife and son, where he was the manager of a car wash business. Jardine was known to make clay sculptures and carved faces in the bark of cotton wood trees. He also volunteered for the Literacy Program, teaching young children to read.Jardine died due to complications from a heart attack and leukemia.[3][4]At the time of his death, he was writing a novel based on his wrestling career.

James_Henry_Deese
James Henry Deese (September 23, 1914 – August 11, 2001) was an American NASA manager.He was Chief of Facilities Design Branch, Kennedy Space Center from 1960 to 1964; Chief of the Advanced Studies Office of NASA Launch Operations Center from 1964 to 1966; Senior Research Administrator for the Future Studies Office at Kennedy Space Center from 1966 to 1973; and chaired the Nuclear and Radiologic Committee at Kennedy Space Center for six years.James Henry Deese was born on September 23, 1914 in Graceville, Florida, of Lumbee Indian parentage and among the Scott Town Indian Community, to William Lawrence Deese and Maria Isabella Hand of North Carolina. Deese was cousin of American psychologist and academic James Deese. Deese attended Palmer Academy in DeFuniak Springs, Florida from 1920 to 1930. He attended Georgia Institute of Technology and the U.S. Naval Academy from 1931 to 1935, where he studied Electrical and Civil Engineering.[1] He began work with the U.S. Government in 1935 with the Works Progress Administration as Project Information Specialist. In 1936 he joined Carrier Corporation as field project engineer installing first air conditioning in the U.S. Capital and the Federal Reserve Buildings. While in this capacity, he was contributing author of Carrier's First "Handbook of Modern Air Conditioning, Heating and Ventilation". In 1941, he transferred to Mobile, Alabama where he served as Construction Quartermaster at Brookley Field. After the outbreak of World War II, he was assigned on emergency basis to execute the overall design of Warner Robins AFB in Macon, Georgia. In late 1944, he transferred to Engine Research and Development Laboratories at Fort Belvoir, Virginia where he was Chief of Internal Combustion Engine Laboratory. He directed such developments as Free Stem Roto-Valves, Pressurizing Burners, and built and tested one of the first Aero Thermodynamic Jets (athoyds) in the United States. From 1949 to 1950, he was Chief of Building Utilities Research at Fort Belvoir, where he contributed to development of Prefabricated Arctic Structures and Facilities.In 1950, by now married with children, he moved his family to Brevard County, Florida accepting an assignment as Chief Equipment Designer for the Joint Long Range Proving Ground at Patrick Air Force Base where he co-authored a master plan for Cape Canaveral, locating many of the major launch site facilities where they are today. His influence at the Cape spanned 35 years. He contributed to five major U.S. Space Programs including Redstone, Jupiter, Mercury, Apollo and Saturn. From 1951 to 1956, he directed the design and construction of the Missile Assembly and Launch Facilities at the Cape and technically directed material programs supporting REDSTONE, ATLAS, CENTAUR and other spacecraft projects as well as directing development of all cryogenic and high pressure production, storage and transfer systems at Cape Canaveral. In 1956 he accepted an assignment with Dr. Kurt Debus of the Army Ballistic Missile Agency-Missile Firing Laboratory for facilities development of the Jupiter Program. From 1960 to 1964 he was Chief, Facilities Design Branch of KSC Facilities Office where he directed, planned and supervised construction and operation of facilities for PERSHING, JUPITER, SATURN, POLARIS and NOVA launch vehicles. While in this position, he was the primary author on Ground Operations-Launching Sites and Space Ports in the first edition of the "Handbook of Astronautical Engineering' (1961) edited by Dr. Wernher von Braun. From 1964 to 1966 he was Chief, Advance Studies Office of NASA-Launch Operations Center Coordinating requirements and directing facility concept evaluation and special studies for Shuttle, Viking, Orbiting Space Telescopes and Earth Surveillance. From 1966 to 1973 He served as Senior Research Administrator for the Future Studies Office at KSC directing special investigations of problem areas earning international recognition as technical authority on liquid propellant explosions and analysis of low level wind behavior. He chaired the Nuclear and Radiologic Committee at KSC for six years.His community services included a significant contribution to the site location of Our Lady of Lourdes School and Melbourne Central Catholic High School, as well as serving as City Commissioner of Melbourne, Florida from 1966 to 1968.After retirement from NASA, from 1975 to 1990, he owned and operated Coastal Land Surveys and Engineering in Melbourne, Florida, where he applied the latest technological developments to the arts of Professional Land Surveying and Professional Engineering.Deese died peacefully at his home on August 11, 2001.Kk ,5:5:4/

Nick_Grigg
Nick Grigg is a Scotland international rugby union player who plays for Glasgow Warriors.[1]He is Scottish-qualified as his grandfather is from Ayrshire.[2]He previously played for Petone and for the under-20 Wellington side in New Zealand.[3]When not playing for Glasgow Warriors, Grigg plays for Stirling County.[4]Grigg has been drafted to Stirling County in the Scottish Premiership for the 2017-18 season.[5]He was part of the Hurricanes Development XV in New Zealand.[6]Grigg trialled with the Warriors in March 2015 before signing for Glasgow Warriors and securing a place at the Scottish Rugby Academy for Glasgow District[7] as a Stage 3 player. Membership of the Academy is restricted to Scottish-Qualified players. Stage 3 players are aligned to a professional club and given regional support.[8]He has played for Glasgow Warriors in their pre-season match against Clermont.[9] The Warriors lost the match 28–10.He also featured in an early season friendly against the British Army Rugby Union side.[10] Glasgow Warriors beat the Army side 71–0.He started in the derby match against Edinburgh in an 'A' match at Broadwood Stadium. Glasgow Warriors beat Edinburgh, 26–5.[11]He graduated from the Scottish Rugby Academy and signed a professional contract with Glasgow Warriors on 23 March 2016.[2]On 25 January 2016, Grigg was named in the Scotland Sevens squad for the upcoming Wellington Sevens tournament.[12] He made his international debut in the tournament, confirming his Scottish nationality, on 30 January 2016. He played against South Africa, coming off the bench for his debut.Grigg made his international XV debut for Scotland against Fiji on 24 June 2017 (3.30am BST).[13]

Walter_Wenzel
Walter Wenzel was a classical violinist from Milwaukee, Wisconsin.[1] He studied at the Chicago College of Music under Petrowitsch Bissing and Herbert Butler.[2]

Anton_Srholec
Anton Srholec (12 June 1929, Skalica – 7 January 2016, Bratislava[1][2]) was a Slovak Roman Catholic priest and Salesian. He was also a writer, charity worker and head of the Resota center for homeless people in Bratislava.Anton Srholec was born as one of seven children to the farmer parents.[3] He studied at the secondary school in Skalica, Trnava and Šaštín.In 1946 he entered the Salesian Society with the purpose to educate the poor youth.[4] Because in 1950 the communist regime dissolved all religious communities, he was able to complete his secondary education in 1951 in Bratislava as a lay person only. As it was not possible for him to study theology at that time, on 9 April 1951 attempted (as many other young people lead by a Salesian priest Titus Zeman) to cross the borders illegally so he could fulfill his goal abroad. The escape was not successful due to overflowing banks of the Morava River and the group was caught. As a result, he was arrested on 13 April 1951 and detained at the Leopoldov prison. As a 22-year old he was convicted and sentenced to 12 years in prison together with a group of about 20 similarly charged students of theology and priests for the crime of attempted unauthorised crossing of the national borders.He spent 10 years in prison, mostly at uranium mines in Jáchymov. (He depicted his life at this labour camp in his book Svetlo z hlbín Jáchymovských lágrov. The book was later translated and published in Slovenian, German and English language with the title Light From the Depths of Jachymov Concentration Camps). He was released from prison on 9 May 1960 and found employment as a labourer at construction sites, at the factory for prefabricated parts and later at furnaces at Ostrava steel plant. At the same time he secretly studied theology and managed to pass the state exam from the English and German language. He twice tried to unsuccessfully enrol to study at the seminary in Bratislava. As a Salesian he professed his final vows secretly on 9 August 1964. In 1969, during the Prague Spring, he received permission to travel to Italy for three months. He extended his trip for a year and completed his theological studies at the Salesian Pontifical University in Turin.He was ordained to the priesthood by Pope Paul VI in Rome on 17 May 1970.As a newly ordained priest Anton Srholec returned home as he wanted to be useful in his own country. He found employment as a sacristian at the Church of Assumption of Virgin Mary - Blumental in Bratislava where a priest helped him to arrange for a state permission to carry out a priestly service. He dedicated his activities mainly to the youth.The State Security constantly watched his work with the youth and as a result in 1974 he was transferred outside Bratislava to the parish of Pernek where he kept being visited by many people and also secret Salesians. After three years he was transferred to Veľké Zálužie and finally to Záhorská Ves in 1982. During the feast at Velehrad on 7 July 1985 he organized a youth programme and it was the last motive for the State Security to remove his state permission for the parish work.Four years before his retirement he worked as an operator at a depot, first at a Ružinov hospital in Bratislava, later at Doprastav. He continued with his pastoral work. After the Velvet revolution in 1989 he started caring for people on the margins of society. As a pensioner he became a board member of a Konto nádeje and the Slovak Confederation of Political Prisoners where he was a head for some time. In 1995 he founded a shelter for the homeless called Resoty in Bratislava and became its manager.Anton Srholec died at the age of 86 on 7 January 2016 in early hours in Bratislava after 68 years of religious life and 45 years as a priest. The last farewell took place on 12 January 2016 at Church of Assumption of Virgin Mary - Blumental in Bratislava and the Church of St Michael in Skalica, where he is buried.[5]

Muhammad_I_of_Khwarazm
Qutb ad-Din Muhammad (Persian: قطب الدين محمد; full name: Qutb ad-Dunya wa ad-Din Abul-Fath Muhammad Arslantegin ibn Anushtegin) was the first Shah of Khwarezm from 1097 to 1127. He was the son of Anushtegin Gharchai.In around 1097 Qutb al-Din Muhammad was appointed governor of Khwarazm by the Seljuk sultan Barkiyaruq's military commander, Habashi ibn Altun-Taq. Habashi had just put down a revolt by two Seljuk amirs, Qodun and Yaruq-Tash, who had killed the previous governor of Khwarazm, Ekinchi, and wanted to rule the province themselves. Qutb al-Din Muhammad therefore took control of Khwarazm and stopped an attempt by Ekinchi's son, Toghril-Tegin, to take control of the region.During his lifetime, Qutb al-Din Muhammad remained loyal to the Seljuk ruler of Khurasan, Sanjar. In 1113 or 1114 he helped a fellow Seljuk vassal, the Karakhanid Arslan Khan, stifle turmoil caused by the discontented religious classes in his realm. He also participated in Sanjar's military campaign against the Great Seljuk Mahmud II, who ruled in western Iran and Iraq, in 1119.Qutb al-Din Muhammad died in 1127 and was succeeded by his son Atsiz.

Abd_al-Fattah_Abu_Ghudda
Abdu-l-Fattaah Aboo Ghuddah Ansari (Arabic: عبد الفتاح أبو غدة انصارى, 9 May 1917 – 16 February 1997) was a Syrian Muslim Brotherhood leader and Sunni Hanafi Muslim scholar. He was born in 1917 in Aleppo..[1] He was the third Supreme Guide of the Syrian Muslim Brotherhood, taking over from Issam al-Attar in 1973.Abu Ghuddah was born and raised in Aleppo, studying at the Academy of Islamic Studies in Aleppo and later received advanced training in psychology and education at Al-Azhar University in Cairo, Egypt.[2] His father, Muhammad Ansari, was known to be a pious man, and was a businessman in the textile industry. Muhammad's father, Bashir Ansari, was one of the biggest textile traders in Aleppo, and the family line could be traced back to Khalid ibn al-Walid, one of the companions of the Islamic Prophet Muhammad.[3] He manifested differences in views with Imam Al-Dhahabi and Ibn Taymiyyah.Some of his teachers whom he studied with were giants like:Among many of his students are:Abu Ghuddah lived in Cairo between 1944 and 1950, during which time he met Hassan al-Banna, the Founder and First General Guide of the Muslim Brotherhood. Abu Ghuddah joined the Muslim Brotherhood under the auspices of al-Banna, and became a member of the Syrian Muslim Brotherhood upon his return to Syria in 1950. He rose to prominence in Islamic circles in Aleppo, and became an instructor at his former school, Academy of Islamic Studies. In 1960 he became an instructor of theology at Damascus University along with the principles of Fiqh, Hanafi Fiqh, and Comparative Fiqh. Abu Ghuddah stood for election in the 1961 parliamentary election, and was later appointed as the Mufti of Aleppo by President Nazim al-Kudsi.[2]Abu Ghuddah was critical of the often authoritarian policies of Issam al-Attar, the Supreme Guide of the Syrian Muslim Brotherhood, whom he claimed was unrestrained in his power and never consulted others on political affairs. al-Attar stepped down from the party leadership in 1962 and Abu Ghuddah replaced him as Supreme Guide of the Syrian Muslim Brotherhood.[4]Abu Ghuddah was critical of the 1966 Syrian coup d'état which brought Salah Jadid to the Presidency. Abu Ghuddah used his position to rally scholars, whom he encouraged to boycott the state and voice opposition to Jadid's violent policies. Ghuddah also appeared at Friday sermons in Aleppo, and encouraged Syrians to oppose Jadid's rule. Ghuddah opposed Jadid's rule extensively, and claimed Jadid did not represent the Syrian people. As a result of Ghuddah's activities in the opposition he was arrested and imprisoned in the remote Tadmor Prison, where he was kept for 11 months, before being released along with all other political prisoners in 1967 as part of an amnesty following the Six-Day War with Israel.[4]Abu Ghuddah left Syria and went into exile in Saudi Arabia, where he taught and researched in a variety of Islamic research at the Faculty of Islamic Sciences at Riyadh University, and guest lectured at the Omdurman Institute in Sudan.[4] During the early years of his exile he continued to actively opposed the Syrian government during his exile, and served as the Inspector General of the Syrian Muslim Brotherhood from 1976 to 1983, leading the Islamic uprising in Syria. Following the failure of the uprising Abu Ghuddah abandoned his political career and turned to academia. He taught at Jeddah University and published numerous works on theology.[5] He had his personal library, which he greatly missed during his exile as he was a serious scholar who loved reading, writing, researching, and collecting books.Abu Ghuddah later returned to Syria in December 1995 under an arrangement with the Syrian government whereby he could return to Aleppo as long as he refrained from politics and focus on academia and religion. During his stay in his native land, he suffered a heart attack and developed soreness of the eyes In mid 1996 he returned to Riyadh, Saudi Arabia for medical treatment. He began to bleed from the eyes and the condition got worse despite treatment until he lost consciousness and died in Riyadh on 16 February 1997 (9 Shawwal 1417 AH) at dawn. Mufti Muhammad Taqi Usmani was greatly saddened when he received the news of the demise of his beloved teacher and "Shaikh". Hafez al-Assad, the Syrian President, promptly sent condolences to the family. An official delegation, including the Minister of the Awqaf, the Governor of Aleppo, and the Chief of the Aleppo Police Department visited the family, and delivered condolences from Hafez al-Assad. Assad also offered the use of his personal plane for transporting Abu Ghuddah's body back to Syria, although he was ultimately buried in Medina near the grave of Muhammad.[5]Abu Ghuddah met Mufti Muhammad Shafi Deobandi when he visited Damascus in 1956 at a conference arranged by the World Muslim Congress and later visited Karachi in 1962 to research some manuscripts in the libraries of Pakistan and India. Mufti Muhammad Taqi Usmani welcomed him at Darul 'Uloom Karachi with a speech in Arabic. Abu Ghuddah later gave Mufti Muhammad Taqi Usmani ijaazah (permission) to narrate Hadeeth from him. While teaching at Riyadh University, he visited Pakistan several times and obtained ijaazah (permission) to narrate Hadeeth from Mufti Muhammad Shafi Deobandi. He also stayed in the company Mawlana Sayyid Muhammad Yoosuf Binnori when he visited India. Although Mufti Muhammad Taqi Usmani never gave him his allegiance, he loves and admires him so much that he calls him his Shaikh.The number of his works is over 75. A few of them are:Mufti Muhammad Taqi Usmani has written his orbituary after his demise.

Paul_Le_Guen
Paul Joseph Marie Le Guen (French pronunciation: [pɔl lə ɡwɛn] or Breton pronunciation: [pawl lø ɡwɛnː]; born 1 March 1964) is a French football manager and a former player who enjoyed a successful stay with PSG and won 17 caps for the France national team.During his playing career, Le Guen played at Stade Brest for six years, and Nantes Atlantique for two years, before leaving his home region of Brittany for Paris St. Germain. In seven seasons at the Parc des Princes he made 478 appearances, winning a league title, three French Cups, two League Cups and the Cup Winners' Cup medal in 1996).At international level he played 17 times for France due to injuries and he was part of the team which lost out on a trip to the World Cup in 1994, along with Eric Cantona and David Ginola. He ended his playing career by taking part in a friendly where his home region of Brittany faced Cameroon on 21 May 1998. The match finished 1–1.Le Guen had a successful managerial career in France, most notably leading Olympique Lyonnais to three consecutive Ligue 1 titles. He has also managed Stade Rennais, Paris Saint-Germain, Glasgow Rangers and the Cameroon national team. In July 2016, he was to be named manager of the Nigeria national team, but didn't agree to the contract terms.During his time at Rennes between 1998 and 2001, Le Guen was noted for signing then unknown players, such as Shabani Nonda and El Hadji Diouf, who under his guidance, developed into talented footballers. He resigned from Rennes in 2001 after a fall-out with the club's board. This led to him taking a year off from football.Le Guen replaced Jacques Santini as manager of Olympique Lyonnais in 2002 after they captured their first league title. Le Guen experienced a grim start to his managerial career at Lyon, winning only 3 games of the first 9, but eventually took Lyon to a further three consecutive championships and reached the UEFA Champions League quarter-final. He resigned from his position at Lyon on 9 May 2005, the day after the club won their fourth consecutive Ligue 1 championship. He was replaced by Gérard Houllier.After leaving the club, Le Guen embarked upon another year away from football management. During this time he turned down management positions at several top European clubs including Benfica and Lazio and also stated that he would not return to manage his former club PSG.[2]On 11 March 2006, it was confirmed that Le Guen had agreed to replace Alex McLeish as manager of Rangers starting in the 2006–07 season.[3] Le Guen signed a three-year contract[4][5] with the option to extend his stay at Ibrox,[2] and quickly acquired a number of players.However, Le Guen made a poor start to his Ibrox career. His record across his first ten league games was the worst start to a season by an Old Firm debutant since John Greig's team won only two, drew six and lost two of their opening ten games in 1978–79.[6]On 8 November, Rangers were knocked out of the Scottish League Cup at the quarter-final stage by First Division side St Johnstone. The result, the first time Rangers had been knocked out of a cup tournament by a lower league side at home,[7][8] prompted protests outside Ibrox and demands for the situation to improve.[citation needed]On 1 January 2007, Rangers announced that Le Guen had stripped Barry Ferguson of his captaincy of the club and dropped him from the squad for a match the following day. BBC Sport reported that Ferguson would not play for Rangers again under Le Guen.[9]Club chairman David Murray announced on 4 January 2007 that Le Guen had left Rangers by mutual consent.[10] At the time, this made him the club's shortest-serving manager, and the only one to leave the club without completing a full season in charge.[11]Le Guen's European record with Rangers has been described as being 'excellent' after remaining unbeaten in the 2006–07 UEFA Cup and finishing at the top of their group.[12][13] However it was the poor domestic results that ultimately led to his departure.[12]It was announced on 15 January 2007 that Le Guen would return to the club he once skippered as a player as first team coach replacing Guy Lacombe at Paris Saint Germain. When he arrived, PSG were lying 17th in Ligue 1 but he led them to safety in his first season finishing 15th.[14] As the 2007–08 season in Ligue 1 unfolded, it was clear that Le Guen was getting inconsistent performances from the crop of players, as the club was in the relegation zone with four games in the league season remaining, while winning the Coupe de la Ligue and qualifying for the final of the Coupe de France. Winning the Coupe de la Ligue guaranteed PSG a place in the UEFA Cup for the 2008–09 season. PSG announced in May 2009 that Le Guen would not be offered a new contract and would leave at the end of the 2008–09 season.Le Guen was named Cameroon national football team manager in July 2009, signing a five-month contract.[15] He made an immediate impact by leading the team to qualification for the 2010 World Cup in South Africa.[16] He also stripped veteran defender Rigobert Song of the captaincy and appointed Samuel Eto'o as the new captain. Both players responded well to the change with Eto'o getting goals, and Song winning back his starting spot as the Lions qualified for the finals. However Cameroon were the first team officially knocked out of the 2010 World Cup. He announced his resignation on 24 June 2010.[17]Towards the end of the 2010–11 season, Le Guen claimed he had received job offers from several Ligue 1 clubs that were seeking new candidates to fill the remaining vacancies[citation needed], but he turned them all down. He eventually accepted an offer from Oman national football team on 11 June 2011.[18] He led Oman to qualification for the 2015 AFC Asian Cup, where they were to be absent in 2011. Oman were eliminated in the group stage of the tournament with one win and two losses. He was sacked on 19 November 2015 after a poor start of the 2018 FIFA World Cup qualification campaign.Paris Saint-GermainLyonParis Saint-Germain

Zong_Zoua_Her
Zong Zoua Her (alternate spelling Tsong Zua Heu; RPA: Zoov Zuag Hawj) was an ethnic Hmong. He was a Major in the Royal Lao Army before 1975. He was a key follower of Shong Lue Yang, also known as the "Mother of Writing", who developed the script called Pahawh Hmong. After 1975, he was the main early leader of the Hmong ChaoFa movement in Laos,[1] until dying in his base area on Phou Bia Mountain in around 2000.[2]In the late 1970s he worked closely with Pa Kao Her, who later became the President of the Ethnic Liberation Organization of Laos (ELOL), which eventually became the ChaoFa Democratic Party. Pa Kao Her was assassinated in Chiang Rai, Thailand, in 2002.[3]

William_Wintershall
William Wintershall (died July 1679), also Wintersall or Wintersell, was a noted seventeenth-century English actor.[1] His career spanned the difficult years of mid-century, when English theatres were closed from 1642 to 1660, during the English Civil War and the Interregnum.According to James Wright's Historia Histrionica (1699), Wintershall's career began in the final years of the period of English Renaissance theatre; he was likely a young member of Queen Henrietta's Men at the Salisbury Court Theatre in the 1637–42 years. During the theatre closure, 1642–60, Wintershall was one of the English actors who performed in Europe, mainly in The Hague and Paris, in the middle 1640s.[2] Wintershall became involved in a lawsuit with fellow actor Andrew Cane in 1654. The suit involved a thirty-year-old debt of £40, between Richard Gunnell, builder of the Salisbury Court Theatre, and his actors, including Cane; Wintershall had married Gunnell's daughter Margaret in 1641 or 1642, so becoming involved in the dispute. (The outcome of the suit is not known).[3] In 1659 Wintershall and a Henry Eaton paid a bond for a court appearance by Anthony Turner, who was in legal trouble for violating the prohibition against acting. (If Wintershall had been in Queen Henrietta's Men, Turner was a former colleague.)Wintershall's stage career experienced a resurgence with the Restoration; he was one of the thirteen actors who were the original "sharers" (partners) in the King's Company under the management of Thomas Killigrew. Wintershall played a wide range of roles with the troupe, including:The notes to Buckingham's play The Rehearsal (1671; printed 1672) describe Wintershall as "a most judicious actor, and the best instructor of others." John Downes, in his Roscius Anglicanus (1708), called Wintershall "good in Tragedy, as well as in Comedy...."

Håkan_Juholt
Håkan Juholt (born 16 September 1962) is a Swedish politician who was Leader of the Social Democrats from 2011 to 2012.[1][2] He was member of the Swedish parliament from 1994 to 2016,[3] representing Kalmar län. Juholt serves as Sweden's Ambassador to the Republic of Iceland since September 2017.[4]He is a native of Oskarshamn, a town of 17,000 on the Baltic Sea and the site of a nuclear power plant. His father worked in Oskarshamn as a printer and was a union man. His maternal grandfather was the artist Arvid Källström (1893–1967).[5] After finishing grammar school (en‑GB) / high school (en‑US), he was hired in 1980 as a photographer and journalist for the Social Democratic Kalmar newspaper Östra Småland (Östran),[6] where he is still formally employed but on leave since elected to parliament in 1994. In the early 1980s, he reported for the newspaper from the Solidarity movement in Poland.From 1984 to 1990 he was a board member of the Swedish Social Democratic Youth League (SSU). In 1994 he was elected to parliament. In 2004 he was appointed assistant party secretary. In the spring of 2009 he temporarily was the party secretary after Marita Ulvskog resigned and before Ibrahim Baylan took over. Until he became party leader, he was regional chairman of the Social Democrats of Kalmar län. He's chairman of the board for Oskarshamn's harbour, John Lindgren's peace fund, Tage Erlander's memorial fund and of the ownership board for the Östra Småland newspaper.[7]He was the party's spokesperson on defence policy. From 1995 he was a member of the joint parliament-government committee on defence policy (försvarsberedningen), and its chairman in 2000–2007.[8] From 1996 to 2011, he was a member of the parliamentary committee on defence issues (försvarsutskottet), and served as its chairman 2010–2011. He was a delegate to the parliamentarian summits of NATO in 1995 and Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe in 1996.After the Swedish parliamentary election in 2010, where the Social Democrats lost a significant number of votes, Håkan Juholt criticized the party's campaign. He described it as a popcorn pan, going in all directions.[9] When Jytte Guteland, chairman of the party's youth league (SSU), called for the whole board to offer their resignation, he was the first to support her.[10]On 10 March 2011, he was proposed by the election committee led by Berit Andnor to succeed Mona Sahlin as the chairman of the party, with Carin Jämtin as the party secretary.[10] Juholt's new leadership was elected during the Social Democratic Congress on 25 March 2011.[11]The Swedish newspaper Aftonbladet published an article in October 2011 claiming that Juholt had, from 2007 until his time as head of the Swedish Social Democratic Party in 2011, requested SEK 160,266 too much in allowance for the residence he shares with his partner.[12][13] As a result of the claim, he immediately paid the money back and stated that he wasn't aware of any rules.[14] Later on, the senior public prosecutor concluded that no such rules existed at the time.[15]In spite of the court's ruling the controversy continued to grow.,[16] seriously damaging the Social Democrats' poll ratings.[17] There was heated debate in the media over both Juholt's and Aftonbladet's conduct.[18][19]Seven Social Democratic politicians called for Juholt to resign as party leader, despite having held that position for just half a year.[20] However, Juholt stated his intent not to resign. There has been some speculation in the aftermath that the whole affair was the result of internal conflicts among the Social Democrats, since there was a strong faction that wanted to get rid of Juholt.[21]On 14 October 2011, the Social Democrats' highest committee voted to support Juholt as head of the Social Democrats. The reason given was that the rules concerning the allowances were too unclear.[22] On 21 January 2012, Juholt effectively announced his resignation as head of the Social Democrats at a news conference in Oskarshamn. He was succeeded by Stefan Löfven.

Juan_Carlos_Natale
Juan Carlos Natale López (born 26 January 1981) is a Mexican politician from the Ecologist Green Party of Mexico. From 2009 to 2012 he served as Deputy of the LXI Legislature of the Mexican Congress representing Puebla.[1]

Raeto_Raffainer
Raeto Raffainer is a former Swiss ice hockey player who played in the Swiss National League A.From 1997 to 2001 Raffainer played for the youth team of HC Davos, and debuted in the National League in 2001 with the Grisons, before moving to Zurich. For the first two seasons in addition to the commitments of the ZSC Lions he was sent on loan to National League B to GCK Lions, a team affiliated to Zurich.In 2005 he played with SC Bern, which in three seasons came to the final edition of the championship from 2006 to 2007, lost in Race 7 against Davos. In 2008, also he played in a meeting in LNB with the Young Sprinters HC .From 2008 to 2010 he played with the Rapperswil-Jona Lakers. Back in December 2009 it was announced he signed with HC Ambri-Piotta, with a contract valid until 2012.[1] In December 2011 it was extended until 2014.At the end of the 2012-13 season Raffainer accepted a three-year contract in the National League B returning to the GCK Lions.[2]From 2001 to 2002 Raffainer played for the Swiss Under-20 team in the World Junior Championship, at which Switzerland closed in sixth place where he scored two goals in seven matches.In early 2015 Raffainer retired from his playing career to become a manager within the Swiss Federation of hockey as director of national teams.

Henri-Nompar_de_Caumont,_duc_de_La_Force
Henri-Nompar de Caumont, duc de La Force (1582 – January 1678)[1] was Duc de La Force and peer of France.[2] He was the son of Marshal of France, Jacques-Nompar de Caumont, duc de La Force and Charlotte de Gontaut, daughter of Marshal Armand de Gontaut, baron de Biron.[3][4] First marquis de Castelnau, later Duc de La Force after the death of his brother, he served King Louis XIII on many occasions in the army, under his father, as Maréchal-de-camp.[5][6][7]He married 17 October 1602, Marguerite d'Escodeca, dame de Boësse,[5][7] and by her had nine children:[8][9]He died in January 1678 at the Château de La Force in the Dordogne, and was succeeded by his grandson, Jacques-Nompar.[7]

Thierry_Détant
Thierry Roger Marc Détant (born 23 November 1965) competed as a track cyclist for the Netherlands at the 1988 Summer Olympics. Born in Amsterdam, he participated in the men's 1 km time trial, finishing 18th.[1]

Luca_Pagliarulo
Luca Pagliarulo (born 6 September 1983 in Foggia) is an Italian footballer. He currently plays for Trapani Calcio which he is the Captain.[1]

Olaf_H._Johnson
Olaf H. Johnson (March 10, 1892 – January 28, 1966) was an American politician.Olaf Johnson was born on a farm near Wiota, Wisconsin. He was the son of Christ H. Johnson (1862-1938) and Ingeborg Johnson (1861-1935). Johnson graduated from St. Olaf College and was in the insurance business. He was private secretary to Congressman John M. Nelson. He resigned when he was elected to the Wisconsin State Senate in 1922 as a Republican from District 17 (Iowa, Lafayette and Green counties). He replaced Oscar R. Olson who had been elected in 1919.[1] He was later an unsuccessful candidate for Lieutenant Governor of Wisconsin in 1938 as a member of the Wisconsin Progressive Party and for the Senate in 1958 as a Democrat.[2] [3]

Greasy_Neale
Alfred Earle "Greasy" Neale (November 5, 1891 – November 2, 1973) was an American football and baseball player and coach.Neale was born in Parkersburg, West Virginia.[1] Although writers eventually assumed that Neale got his nickname, "Greasy", from his elusiveness on the football field, it actually arose during his youth, from a name-calling joust with a friend.[2]He played Major League Baseball as an outfielder with the Cincinnati Reds between 1916 and 1924 and briefly with the Philadelphia Phillies for part of the 1921 season. Neale was the starting right fielder for the 1919 Cincinnati Reds. He batted .357 in the 1919 World Series and led the Reds with ten hits in their eight-game series win over the scandalous White Sox.Neale spent all but 22 games of his baseball career with the Cincinnati Reds. He had a career batting average of .259 and finished in the top ten in stolen bases in the National League four times. When football season came around, often he would leave baseball and fulfill his football duties (albeit playing about 90% of a baseball season most years, with the exception of 1919 when he played the entire season, including the 1919 World Series).Neale also played professional football in the Ohio League with the Canton Bulldogs in 1917, the Dayton Triangles in 1918, and the Massillon Tigers in 1919. He starred as an end on Jim Thorpe's pre-World War I Canton Bulldogs as well as the Dayton Triangles in 1918 and Massillon Tigers in 1919. He coached the Triangles in 1918.Neale began his coaching career while still a professional player. He served as the head football coach at Muskingum College (1915), West Virginia Wesleyan College (1916–1917), Marietta College (1919–1920), Washington & Jefferson College (1921–1922), the University of Virginia (1923–1928), and West Virginia University (1931–1933), compiling a career college football record of 82–54–11. He coached basketball for two seasons at Marietta (1919–1921) as well, amassing a record of 26–11. He also served as an assistant football coach at Yale Bulldogs football for seven seasons (1934–1940).At Washington & Jefferson, he led his 1921 squad to the Rose Bowl, where the Presidents played the California Golden Bears to a scoreless tie. At Virginia, Neale was also the head baseball coach from 1923 to 1929, tallying a mark of 80–73–2.Neale later coached the independent professional Ironton Tanks with his legendary style, flair and winning ways. He and Tanks quarterback Glenn Presnell claimed victories against the NFL's second place New York Giants and third place Chicago Bears in 1930. The team folded in 1931.Neale moved to the National Football League (NFL), serving as head coach of the Philadelphia Eagles from 1941 to 1950. Although it took Neale a while to pull together the needed talent to build a winning team, once he had the right ingredients, they stayed among the league's best for nearly a decade. From 1944 through 1949, Neale's Eagles finished second three times and in first place three times. The Eagles won the NFL Championship in 1948 and again in 1949, and became the first team to win back-to-back titles since the 1940-41 Chicago Bears by shutting out their opponents, beating the Chicago Cardinals 7–0 in the snow ridden 1948 NFL Championship Game and the Los Angeles Rams 14–0 in the 1949 NFL Championship Game in a driving rain storm. It was the last championship for the Eagles until 1960. His offense was led by the passing of quarterback Tommy Thompson, the pass catching of future Hall of Fame end Pete Pihos, and the running of another Hall of Famer, Steve Van Buren. He tallied a mark of 66–44–5 including playoff games in his ten seasons with the club. Neale was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame in 1967 and the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 1969. Both inductions recognized his coaching career.Neale died in Florida at the age of 81 and is buried at Parkersburg Memorial Gardens in West Virginia.

Len_Deighton
Leonard Cyril Deighton (/ˈdiːtən/; born 18 February 1929), known as Len Deighton, is a British author. Deighton is considered one of the top three spy novelists of his time (along with Ian Fleming and John le Carré).[1][2] In addition he is a highly acclaimed military historian, cookery writer, and graphic artist. The IPCRESS File (1962), his first novel, was an instant bestseller and broke the mould of thriller writing. The Sunday Times called him "the poet of the spy story".[3] Deighton’s first protagonist – a nameless spy christened Harry Palmer in the films – was made famous worldwide in 1960s films starring Michael Caine.Deighton was born in Marylebone, London, in 1929. His father was a chauffeur and mechanic for Campbell Dodgson, and his mother was a part-time cook. At the time they lived in Gloucester Place Mews[4][5] near Baker Street.[6]Deighton's interest in spy stories may have been partially inspired by the arrest of Anna Wolkoff, which he witnessed as an 11-year-old boy. Wolkoff, a British subject of Russian descent, was a German spy and next door neighbour of the Deightons. She was detained on 20 May 1940, and was subsequently convicted of violating the Official Secrets Act for attempting to pass secret documents to the Germans.[7]After leaving St Marylebone Grammar School, Deighton worked as a railway clerk before performing his National Service, which he spent as a photographer for the Royal Air Force. He flew in Mosquito fighter/bombers and Lancaster bombers, and later used these experiences when writing his novel Bomber. He also did laboratory work for the Special Investigation Branch. After he was discharged from the RAF, he studied at Saint Martin's School of Art in London in 1949, and in 1952 won a scholarship to the Royal College of Art, from which he graduated in 1955.[8] While he was at the RCA he became a "lifelong friend"[9] of fellow designer Raymond Hawkey, who later designed covers for his early books. Deighton then worked as an airline steward with BOAC. Before he began his writing career he worked as an illustrator in New York and, in 1960, as an art director in a now defunct London advertising agency, Robert Sharp & Partners. He illustrated the British first edition cover for Kerouac's On the Road.[10] He has since used his drawing skills to illustrate a number of his own military history books.Following the success of his first novels, Deighton became The Observer's cookery writer and produced illustrated cookbooks. In September 1967 he wrote an article in the Sunday Times Magazine about Operation Snowdrop, an SAS attack on Benghazi during the Second World War. The following year David Stirling was awarded substantial damages in libel from the article.[11]He also wrote travel guides and became travel editor of Playboy, before becoming a film producer. After producing a film adaption of his 1968 novel Only When I Larf, Deighton bought the film rights to Joan Littlewood and Theatre Workshop's stage musical Oh, What a Lovely War!. Deighton (whose father served throughout the First World War) wrote the screenplay, taking the action to Brighton’s piers, adding a star-studded prologue and creating the memorable closing sequence of seemingly unending crosses.[12] Deighton, although uncredited, was also the producer of the film. He had his name removed because he was “angry and appalled that people should ask credit for things they had not done”,[13] a move that he later described as "stupid and infantile". That was his last involvement with the cinema.[6]Deighton left Britain in 1969. He briefly resided in Blackrock, County Louth in Ireland. He has not returned to Britain apart from some personal visits and very few media appearances, his last one since 1985 being a 2006 interview that formed part of a "Len Deighton Night" on BBC Four. He and his wife Ysabele divide their time between homes in Portugal and Guernsey.[14]Several of Deighton's novels have been adapted as films including The IPCRESS File, Funeral in Berlin, Billion Dollar Brain and Spy Story. His first five novels featured an anonymous and cynical anti-hero named "Harry Palmer" in the films (produced by Bond co-producer Harry Saltzman) and portrayed by Michael Caine. The atmosphere was considered quite realistic, not the least because many of the characters were openly venal, cowardly or stupid; equally because the bureaucratic complications and inter-departmental rivalries of the British civil service, even the secret civil service, made for frequent black-comic relief; and the portrayal of the technical aspects of espionage and related criminal enterprises was quite detailed. The novels were dotted with footnotes explaining various slang terms and abbreviations in the dialogue; there were even appendices. The first trilogy of his Bernard Samson novel series was made into a twelve-part television series by Granada Television in 1988, shown only once, then withdrawn on instructions from Deighton.[citation needed] Although Quentin Tarantino expressed interest in filming the trilogy,[15] the nine Samson novels are currently in pre-production with Clerkenwell Films,[16] who have hired Tom Edge (The Crown, Lovesick) to adapt the novels for television. In addition, the BBC has adapted Deighton’s alternate history novel SS-GB for a five-part TV miniseries exhibited in 2017.[17]Deighton's 1970 Second World War historical novel Bomber was about an RAF Bomber Command raid over Germany. It was the first novel to be written on a word processor, the IBM MT/ST.[18] Anthony Burgess cited it as one of the 99 best novels in English since 1939 and Motörhead frontman, Lemmy, dedicated the band's third album Bomber to Len Deighton. Other major fiction works include Winter and Goodbye, Mickey Mouse. He reportedly began an unfinished Vietnam War novel, a portion of which appeared as the story First Base in his short story collection Declarations of War.Deighton also wrote a series of cookery books, and wrote and drew a weekly strip cartoon-style illustrated cooking guide in The Observer newspaper – Len Deighton's Action Cook Book.[19] At least one of the strips is pinned up in Deighton's spy hero's kitchen in the 1965 film of his novel The IPCRESS File.[20]In 2014 The Observer announced that Deighton would create 12 new cookstrips to be printed every month in the Observer Food Magazine, starting in January 2015.To exploit the success of Deighton's first four "Unnamed Hero" novels, he wrote Len Deighton's London Dossier (1967), a guide book to Swinging Sixties London with a "secret agent" theme – contributions from other writers are described as "surveillance reports".Deighton's 1977 Fighter: The True Story of the Battle of Britain was said by Albert Speer (once Hitler's Minister of Armaments) to be "an excellent, most thorough examination. I read page after page with fascination." The piece was furnished with a foreword by A. J. P. Taylor labelling the work as a: "...brilliant analysis..."Blitzkrieg, his history of the rise of the Nazis and the fall of France, has a foreword written by General Walter Nehring (Chief of Staff to General Heinz Guderian). His most recent history book is Blood, Tears and Folly: An Objective Look at World War II. It corrected many myths and was warmly received, being described as “an absolute landmark” by Jack Higgins.In Letters from Burma, Nobel laureate Aung San Suu Kyi mentions reading Len Deighton's books, while under house arrest. Suu Kyi wrote that she was passionate about Arthur Conan Doyle’s tales of Sherlock Holmes and the spy novels of John le Carre and Len Deighton.[21]When asked by Christie's about his love for Indian art and how he started his collection, Nobel Prize-winning author V. S. Naipaul credited Len Deighton. "I met Len Deighton, the thriller writer, at dinner many years ago. He demonstrated to me that Indian art could really be approachable. I bought from Maggs because of Len Deighton pushing me onto [them] as being a very fair dealer, saying that they do not charge you much more than they should. That’s a marvelous thing to be told."[22]In the late 1960s, Deighton was making movies through his production company Deighton/Duffy. Bertrand Russell knew that Deighton was in pre-production of "Oh What a Lovely War", an anti-war movie about World War I. Russell, who was staunchly anti-war, had been in contact with The Beatles, who supported his views. Russell suggested that The Beatles contact Deighton to see if there was an opportunity to work together.[23]

Joseph_Rozier
Joseph Rozier was bishop of Poitiers from 1975 to 1994.[1] Near the end of his episcopate he published a statement in the Nouvelle République du Centre-Ouest outlining incompatibility between National Front membership and acceptance as a Christian catechumen. He died in 1994.

Mitch_Anderson
Mitchell or Mitch Anderson may refer to:

Ian_Gore
Ian George Gore (born 10 January 1968) is an English former professional footballer. He played as a centre-back.Gore began his career as an apprentice with Birmingham City, turning professional in May 1986, but was released without playing a first-team game. He joined non-league Southport before joining Blackpool on a free transfer in January 1988, beginning a seven-year spell at Bloomfield Road in which he played exactly 200 league games. He was voted the Blackpool supporters' Player of the Year for 1990–91,[1] and the following year he was a member of the Blackpool side that won promotion, via the Division Four play-off final at Wembley, to the new Division Two in 1991–92.In August 1995, Gore joined Torquay United on a free transfer, having played against the Gulls at Wembley for Blackpool in the 1991 play-off final, which Torquay won on penalties. Although a regular in the side he moved to Doncaster Rovers in March 1996. He played 66 times for Rovers, mostly alongside Darren Moore, who he had replaced at Torquay. Gore scored once before being released.Gore played the summer of 1998 in Singapore with Marine Castle before returning to England with non-league side Boreham Wood. He then moved on to Gainsborough Trinity in September 1999. He retired in 2002.Blackpool

Phillip_Riley
Phillip Shayon Riley (born September 24, 1972) is a former professional American football wide receiver, who played in one game for the New York Jets in 1996.

Paul_Dini
Paul Dini (/ˈdiːni/; born August 7, 1957)[1] is an American animator and comic creator. He is best known as a producer and writer for several Warner Bros. Animation/DC Comics animated series, including Tiny Toon Adventures, Batman: The Animated Series, Superman: The Animated Series, The New Batman/Superman Adventures, Batman Beyond, and Duck Dodgers. He developed and scripted Krypto the Superdog and contributed scripts to Transformers, Animaniacs, Freakazoid and Static Shock. After leaving Warner Bros. Animation in early 2004, Dini went on to write and story edit the popular ABC adventure series Lost. He has written a number of comic books for DC Comics, including Harley Quinn and Superman: Peace on Earth. October 2010 saw the debut of Tower Prep, a new live action/drama series Dini created for Cartoon Network. It was announced that after two decades of doing DC-related animated projects, Paul Dini had gone over to Marvel to serve as a writer and producer for Ultimate Spider-Man and Hulk and the Agents of S.M.A.S.H..Paul Dini was born in New York City, the son of an advertising executive, Robert Dini, and his wife. He attended Stevenson School in Pebble Beach, California on an art scholarship. He attended Emerson College in Boston, where he earned a BFA degree in creative writing.During college, he began doing freelance animation scripts for Filmation,[2] and a number of other studios. In 1984, he was hired to work for George Lucas on several of his animation projects. Dini later returned to the Star Wars universe in 2007 to script several episodes of Star Wars: The Clone Wars.Dini wrote a number of episodes of the 1983–85 animated TV series, He-Man and the Masters of the Universe which years later became favorites amongst the show's fans over the Internet, as well as contributing to interviews on the released box sets of the series, though Dini has made no secret of his distaste for Filmation and the He-Man concept. He wrote an episode for the Dungeons & Dragons cartoon in 1983; an episode of the Generation One Transformers cartoon series, "The Dweller in The Depths," and an episode of the 1985 G.I. Joe cartoon called "Jungle Trap" and contributed to various episodes of the Star Wars: Ewoks animated series,[3] several of which included rare appearances from the Empire. He also wrote the Jem episode "Music Is Magic" for the show's second season.In 1989, Dini was hired at Warner Bros. Animation to work on Tiny Toon Adventures. Later, he moved onto Batman: The Animated Series, where he worked as a writer, producer and editor, later working on Batman Beyond. He continued working with WB animation, working on a number of internal projects, including Krypto the Superdog and Duck Dodgers, until 2004. In 1989 and 1990, he contributed scripts to the live-action television horror anthology series Monsters: "One Wolf's Family" and "Talk Nice to Me".He has earned five Emmy awards for his animation work. In a related effort, Dini was the co-author with Chip Kidd of Batman Animated, a 1998 non-fiction coffee table book about the animated Batman franchise.Dini and Bruce Timm introduced Harley Quinn in Batman: The Animated Series as her first appearance was the episode "Joker's Favor" and in 1994, they adapted the character into comics in The Batman Adventures: Mad Love one-shot.[4] Harley Quinn was integrated into the mainstream DC Comics continuity in the Batman: Harley Quinn one-shot published in 1999.[5] Dini has written several comics stories for DC Comics, including an oversized graphic novel series illustrated by painter Alex Ross[6] featuring Superman,[7] Batman,[8] Captain Marvel, Wonder Woman, and the Justice League. A hardcover collection of the Dini and Ross stories was published in 2005 under the title The World's Greatest Super-Heroes.[9]Best known among Dini's original creations is Jingle Belle, the rebellious teen-age daughter of Santa Claus. Dini created Sheriff Ida Red, the super-powered cowgirl star of a series of books set in Dini's mythical town of Mutant, Texas. He collaborated with Kevin Smith on Clerks: The Animated Series. In 2001 Dini made a cameo appearance in Smith's film Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back during the scene in which Jay and Silent Bob wear ridiculous looking costumes for a film being directed by Chris Rock, in which Dini says to them "you guys look pretty bad ass".He and Bruce Timm collaborated on the Harley and Ivy limited series for DC in 2004.[10] Dini became the writer for DC Comics' Detective Comics as of issue #821 (Sept. 2006)[11] and created a new version of the Ventriloquist in #827 (March 2007).[12] While Grant Morrison was starting a seven-year Batman story on the Batman title composed of long, interlinking arcs, Dini wrote a number of done-in-one stories over the following year as well as two crossovers with Morrison's Batman, one focusing on the resurrection of Ra's al Ghul and another on the return of Hush.[13] After Morrison's "Batman R.I.P." storyline in 2009, creators were moved around titles and Dini started writing two new Batman titles Batman: Streets of Gotham[14][15] and Gotham City Sirens.[16][17] Streets of Gotham started and ended with story arcs about Hush while Gotham City Sirens focused on the females of Gotham; he wrote the bulk of both titles during their existence including the first and last issue of both.In 2006 he announced that he was writing a hardcover graphic novel starring Zatanna and Black Canary. The following year he was the head writer of DC's weekly series, Countdown.[18] Dini co-wrote a draft script for the ill-fated Science Ninja Team Gatchaman movie, which never saw the light of day, resulting in him leaving the project. Dini wrote a series for Top Cow Productions, based in a character he created, Madame Mirage.In July 2008, Dini started a partnership with GoAnimate to launch his Super Rica & Rashy series on the platform. Dini writes episodes released on the website on a regular basis. He lets anyone use his characters to create their own stories using the website's online animation creation application.He returned to write animated version of Batman in Batman: The Brave and the Bold episode "Legends of the Dark Mite". In the very same episode, he appeared in an animated form in comic book convention parody scene, where he was wearing Harley Quinn's costume, along with Bruce Timm wearing Joker's costume next to him. He would go on to write several additional episodes for the series, including "Chill of the Night!", which contained a team-up between Batman and Zatanna, one of Dini's favorite characters. Dini penned the storyline for the Rocksteady Studios video game Batman: Arkham Asylum, released on August 25, 2009. He wrote three episodes of Star Wars: The Clone Wars: "Cloak of Darkness," "Holocron Heist," and "Voyage of Temptation."On February 14, 2008 the first edition of Dini's column, "200 Words with Paul Dini" was released on the iFanboy site.[19]Dini is the main creator of the Tower Prep series. On August 4, 2010, it was confirmed that Dini will be involved in Marvel Comics' upcoming animated series Ultimate Spider-Man, which is set to air on Disney XD in 2012. He worked on Hulk and the Agents of S.M.A.S.H., an animated series centered around the Hulk and his supporting cast.[20]Dini worked with Rocksteady studios once again to create Batman: Arkham City, which was a sequel to Batman: Arkham Asylum. He wrote a five-issue comic series set in the game continuity. A building in Arkham City is named Dini Towers in tribute.Dini wrote the script for Bloodspell, an original graphic novel starring Black Canary and Zatanna.[21]Paul Dini and his wife, magician Misty Lee, created an online interview feature called "Monkey Talk" on Kevin Smith's website, Quick Stop Entertainment.com.[22]His graphic novel Dark Night: A True Batman Story, based on a mugging he experienced in 1993, was published in June 2016.[23]Dini and his wife Misty Lee appeared on Ken Reid's TV Guidance Counselor podcast on April 6, 2016.Dini wrote the "Actionland!" chapter in Action Comics #1000 (June 2018) which was written by José Luis García-López and Kevin Nowlan.[24]Dini and his wife, magician and voiceover actress Misty Lee,[25] live in Los Angeles.[26] Their two Boston terriers, Mugsy and Deuce, were featured in "Anger Management", a 2012 episode of The Dog Whisperer, in which they sought Cesar Millan's help with their dogs' behavioral problems. Around this time, Dini began an extensive weight loss and exercise regimen, having reached a weight of 320 pounds.[27][28]

Han_Guangsheng
Han Guangsheng (韩广生) (born 1952), emerged as a Chinese defector in Canada during July, 2005 to support a number of allegations made by Chen Yonglin. Han claims to have been in charge of Shenyang's public security and labor camps prior to his defection.[1]

George_John_Stevenson
George John Stevenson (1818–1888) was an English bookseller, headmaster, author and hymnologist.Born in Chesterfield on 7 July 1818, he was the son of John George Stevenson (1792–1866) of Chesterfield, by his wife Jane, daughter of John Aldred. He was educated at Duttoris grammar school, Chesterfield, and from an early age until 1844 he was employed in the printing and bookselling business.[1]In 1844 Stevenson entered St. John's College, Battersea, to be trained for an organising mastership under the National Society. In 1846 a reformatory school was established in the Philanthropic Institute, Southwark, to take selected criminals from prisons, and Stevenson was appointed its first headmaster. In 1848 he became headmaster of the endowed parochial school at Lambeth Green.[1]Stevenson resigned his post in 1855, and established himself in Paternoster Row as a bookseller and publisher, a business which he continued until a few years before his death. From 1861 to 1867 he was editor and proprietor of the Wesleyan Times, and in 1882 he edited the Union Review. He died on 16 August 1888.[1]A Methodist from 1831, Stevenson wrote on the denomination's history and literature. His Methodist Hymn Book and its Associations (1869) was published in enlarged form as The Methodist Hymn Book, illustrated with Biography, Incident, and Anecdote (1883). He wrote also:[1]Stevenson also edited A Historical Sketch of the Christian Community, 1818–1826 (1868) and Samuel Wesley's Memorials of Elizabeth Ann Wesley, London, 1887.Attribution This article incorporates text from a publication now in the public domain: Lee, Sidney, ed. (1898). "Stevenson, George John". Dictionary of National Biography. 54. London: Smith, Elder & Co.

Kawika_Crowley
David "Kawika" Crowley, born in 1952, was the Hawaii Republican nominee for the United States House of Representatives in 2nd congressional district in the November 2012 election. A colorful and offbeat candidate, he achieved notability as the "homeless handyman" running for Congress. He was the first homeless person in Hawaii — and perhaps any state — to be nominated for Congress on a major party ticket.[1][2] In 2014, Crowley again won the Republican primary race for the 2nd Congressional district in a contested race.By some accounts Crowley was born in Japan as the son of missionaries; by other accounts he was born in North Carolina and moved to Japan with his parents when he was six months old.[3] He grew up speaking and reading Japanese.[1] When he was in 8th grade, he moved to Hilo, Hawaii and learned for the first time to read English.[2] Crowley spent his teenage years and much of his young adulthood in Hilo.[4] He graduated from Hilo High School in 1969.[5] He describes himself as a "college dropout with a degree in common sense."[3]Crowley ran for Mayor of the Big Island of Hawaii in 1991. In 2012, Crowley defeated Matthew DiGeronimo to win the Republican nomination for Hawaii's 2nd Congressional district race. Crowley achieved 45% of the vote to his opponent's 29%.[6] In the general election, Crowley was easily beaten by Tulsi Gabbard, who became the first Hindu Member of Congress.[7]For six years, Crowley represented interests of the Hawaii Bar Owners Association, doing lobbyist work at the Hawaii State House. He is known as "the smoking guy" for his lobbying to repeal Hawaii's ban on indoor smoking in stand alone bars, and is never seen without a cigar.[1] He is opposed to the Honolulu Rail Project and to same-sex marriage.[8] He is a supporter of the Hawaiian sovereignty movement, although he has no Hawaiian ancestry.[3]Divorced with three children, Crowley lived for a number of years as a single parent.[2] He is a handyman and painter who lives out of his car. He earns about $15,000 a year, putting him in the ranks of the "working homeless".[1]He claims to be a co-writer of the song Hawaiʻi '78[12] and to have a history in the Hawaiian Music industry.[13]

Thomas_Wise
Thomas Wise may refer to:

